Chapter 111 The match will be the day after tomorrow
Kelvin’s House / Guest Room

“I’m really sorry. My body reacted because I was suddenly attacked.”

“Ah, don’t worry… Goldiana-san.”

“You can feel free to call me Prettya-chan.”

“Well, I’ll do my best.”

On the sofa in the guest room, I faced a woman (?) She called herself an S-class adventurer. For some reason, the curly blonde-haired girl, the muscular Prettya, was attacked by the golems guarding the mansion when she was heading towards the house. Then she splendidly retaliated under the guise of self-defense. No, it’s bad that my golems misidentified her but, I can’t scold the half-destroyed golems because I’m confident that they’ll be ready for war when it approaches.

“Prettya chan was worried about Sara so she also ran with us. For some reason, the gatekeeper golems reacted…”

“I’m glad that Rion stopped on the way. Efil and Mel were about to get serious.”

It was hard to stop Efil who tried to shoot the fire God’s bow from the balcony, and Melfina, who was trying to intercept her with her spear. If Rion hadn’t broken in, it would have been worse by now. The garden could have collapsed easily.

“I’m sorry…”

“Ara, what did I do?”

I look at Efil and Melfina standing behind me. Efil was good, but the smiling Melfina definitely did it on purpose.

“Hmm… Sara-chan, there are many rivals.”

“What are you talking about?”

“Eh, don’t worry about that! Even so, Kelvin is a little different from what I imagined from Rion’s description, but … I can’t do it at all!”

“What are you talking about!?”

Hey Gerard, don’t step back from there! I’m worried!

“By the way, Kel-ni, is Sara-ne all right?”

“Oh yeah, I couldn’t help but be bothered!”

Rion and Prettya leaned forward and asked. In contrast with the cute Rion, I wanted to keep a little distance from the approaching Prettya-chan’s dark face… I was grateful that you’re worried about Sara.

” Now Ellie, our maid, is taking care of her. Please rest assured that she can use simple white magic. Now she is resting and calm.”

“Oh, that’s right. It is good …”

“Yes, I was relieved!”

Two people of different heights leaned on the sofa. I was so worried.

“Oh yeah, Rion, Alex is about to evolve. Why don’t you see it because it’s curled up in the living room?”

“Really!? I’m going for a while!”

“Don’t run in the mansion.”



“Hey, I know.”

You were about to start running.

Rion jumped off the sofa, opened the door to the hallway, and headed towards Alex. Along the way, she would have had a telepathic conversation with Alex, but she would like to witness the evolution of his buddy in person. Let’s leave Alex to Rion.

“Goldiana-san, although it’s a bit late, thank you for your helping Sara and the others.”

“No, I am the one who wants to thank you! Thanks to Sara-chan, the threat of the new dungeon has been largely eliminated, and now the guild should be disseminating information to other adventurers. And Kelvin-chan, you don’t have to behave like a stranger. It’s not your relationship with me!”

When did we get along like that? It’s good to interact with S-class adventurers, but in some other way, it’s dangerous. Gerard doesn’t go one step further.

“Then, let’s be spoiled by your words. By the way, are you my opponent on the mock battle the day after tomorrow Prettya?”

“Oh, are you worried about it? Rion-chan asked me the same question. I wonder if you are siblings.”

Well, I am curious. I’ve only met an S-class adventurer like the Beast King in Gown. Above all, it was worth the fight.
“Yeah. I’ll teach you the forms of the mock battle. First, Kelvin’s opponent is Sylvia the “Ice Princess” who was promoted to S class last year. She’s a very beautiful girl with silver hair. Well, that’s unrelated to Kelvin chan…”

Prettya saw alternating between Efil and Melfina. I better won’t look at them too much.

“Is the Ice Princess a blue wizard?”

“I haven’t seen the actual fighting, either. Normally, the guild decided two names through the mock battle during promotion, Sylvia didn’t have that. Maybe, Guild chief Rio may know that. “



“No, it’s each other who doesn’t know the other person’s information, right? Then I’ll check it out at the game.”

“Oh, brave.”

Besides, I didn’t know what would be required later if I asked Rio. Let’s save Sylvia’s ability for the enjoyment of the battle.

“Great people from all over the world will come to the mock battle. If you come into their view, you may be scouted, but there are almost no adventurers who actually receive it. As a guild, it’s completely up to the adventurer’s intention. Mm”

“I don’t feel like serving a country either. I’m telling Rio that too.”

“In that case, the guild should handle it. Details of the invitation information will be sent from the guild later, so please check at that time.”

I am thankful that the invitation will be handed to the Adventurer’s Guild. It is troublesome to refuse one by one. However, in this situation where Trisen’s movement is becoming active, is it okay for such people to gather in Parse? Moreover, the information is well transmitted in such a short time.

“The rest is the format of the match. One of the great ones is the shrine maiden of Delamis, Colette, do you know her?”

“Oh, I know her.”

To the extent that the shrine maiden explored the dungeon with the summoned heroes.

“If so, the story is quick. Colette will set up a special barrier at the venue and the match will be held in it. Collette will apply her magic in both, Kelvin and Sylvia. Only once. However, it seems to be a magic that eliminates the damage that leads to death. Therefore, you can freely use the equipment that you normally used in battle. When that magic is activated, the game is over, and there will be applause.”

“Saying so it’s easy, but isn’t that really an amazing magic? I mean, the shrine maiden has a lot of work to do.”

“Actually, She’ll be exhausted for the recovery medicine on that day. I think there will be a reward for that.”

Elimination of deadly damage… It’s like Melfina’s blessing. Certainly, was this blessing also given to the shrine maiden of Delamis? Did she modify it as original magic?

[It’s a magic that is said to be a secret technique that has been passed down to successive generations of shrine maidens. It’s been used that way for the last 300 years, so it’s no longer a secret technique…]

Yeah. To use it in a game means that you can see it with an appraisal eye. I wonder if I will develop magic later based on that.

“The explanation is like this. Is there anything you don’t understand?”

“No, I understand most of the time. It was saved, Prettya.”

“Huh! Don’t turn that smile on me! You have an appointment with Sara-chan! And I have Uncle Gerard …!”

The muscles were writhing while hugging themselves. When I saw Gerard, he was retreating to the wall before I knew it.

[Gerard, you…]

[No, don’t get me wrong. This one still misses his wife.]

Were you married, Gerard?

“No, I can’t stand it anymore… I’m gonna let you have some free time. Oh, you don’t have to worry about staying. The guild arranged accommodations first. It should be. “

“Oh, that’s right. I’m sorry.”

Relieved from the bottom of my heart, I see Prettya off. By the way, the game is approaching the day after tomorrow. There is no early battle with S-class adventurers, but I want to practice as much as possible.

“Now, Sara is first.”

I spoke to Efil and went to Sara’s room.
Chapter 112: The Birth of a King
Kelvin’s house, Sara’s private room

“Yes……”

“Did you notice?”

Sara’s care continued casting white magic for several hours. The time was 2 o’clock in the middle of the night, and the city was already asleep.

“That …? Kelvin, why are you here? I’m not in the dungeon…?”

Sara still felt half asleep.

“I recalled you from the place where you fell in the dungeon and re-summoned you. You can thank Rion and the others later. Everyone was very worried.”

“I see. I suddenly felt sick, and my vision turned black … I don’t remember from there. I fell down.”

It seems she can’t remember.

“Oh, but rest assured that you have evolved perfectly.”

“It’s a relief if you said it… Well, what is that evolution?”

What is it? haven’t you awakened yet? No, from her words, she doesn’t seem to know that she was in the middle of an evolution. It can’t be helped.

“Sara collapsed due to evolution. So, the evolution has just completed. But it seems that your appearance has not changed at all. Check your status.”

“Eh……”

It seems that you haven’t fully understood it yet, but you can see it by looking at your status. I suppose I’ll also check it again with an appraisal eye.

Sara, 21-year-old woman, Demon Blood King, Curse Fist

Level: 108

Title: God-killing fist

HP: 2605/2605 (+100)

MP: 2746/2746 (+100)

Strength: 1317 (+100)

Endurance: 1179 (+100)

Agility: 1240 (+100)

Magical power: 1423 (+100)

Good luck: 1585 (+160) (+100)

Skill: Bloodstain (unique skill)

Blood manipulation (unique skill)

Martial arts (S class)

Black magic (class A)

Fly (B class)

Sign detection (class A)

Danger detection (A-class)

Magic detection (A-class)

Concealment detection (A-class)

Dance (B class)

Performance (class B)

Gorgeous luck (B class)

Auxiliary effect: Blessing of the Demon King

Summoning / magical power supply (S class)

=====================================

The status has risen across the board and is now comparable to Melfina. She also learned new unique skills. This “blood manipulation” by the name, is it a skill to manipulate blood? It seems that it can be applied in various ways by combining it with “Blood stain”, which has been activated only passively until now.

“This is my power …?”

“It’s definitely Sara’s power. I think you’ve accumulated skill points, so don’t forget to allocate them. And…”



I faced Sara, who raised her upper body, and stared at her eyes.

“I heard from Rion and the others that it was Sara’s idea to defeat an S-class monster for me. It was a mess.”

I wanted you to invite me if possible. Did it backfire that the training ground was banned from entering and exiting?

“Well, maybe because I was free, or because I was procuring food… Anyway, I didn’t do it for Kelvin!”

Is she a tsundere? She’s cute so I am fine.

“Still, thank you”

“Ah, ah…”

As I looked, Sara’s face turned red and began to pour steam out from her head.

“No more! I’m okay, so Kelvin, get out!”

“Yes, yes, then I’m going to leave.”
Sara flapped her arms like a spoiled child. I didn’t mean to tease her. Well, it would be hard if she threw things out. I was prepared to stay up all night, but if Sara says so, I will sleep too.

“I’m not in a good shape yet, so I’m going to sleep now. Then Sara, good night.”

“Hmm! … Good night”

She returned the ‘good night’ when I turned my face away. I wish she’’ be in a good mood in the morning.

“Waaaa, I feel drowsy at once… I’ll sleep quickly.”

I came back to my private room and collapsed on my bed where Melfina was sleeping. Ah, when I think about it, I was in nursing care from that hell training. That makes me tired. While thinking about it, my consciousness sank.

~~~~~~~~~

Kelvin’s House / Dining room

I had Efil wake me up as usual. Ton, ton, I heard a kitchen knife from the kitchen next door, while reading the latest request list issued by Angie at the dining room, and suddenly the door opened abruptly.

“I made you wait, everyone! I am completely – fully – restored – and – alive!”

“Oh, you get up early today.”



“Oh, only Kelvin and Efil?”

Normally, it was time for Sara to be still asleep. Not to mention Melfina, Rion was still sleeping. Efil was preparing breakfast in the kitchen, and Elie was watering the garden.

“Gerard went for a morning walk with Lucas. Everyone else is still sleeping or working.”

“Eh … I thought it was my new unveiling, so I got up early.”

“You look the same, though.”

“That’s not the case! The horns and wings have become a little cooler!”

I don’t know because I didn’t remove her hair clip. However, unlike yesterday, today is the usual Sara. She fixed her mood. It is good.

“Waa… Good morning …”

Rion came into the dining room, rubbing her sleepy eyes. The evolved Alex also followed Rion.

“Oh, Rion. You’re fast!”

“Sara Hey! You’re feeling better!”

After a brief stop, Rion, now conscious, jumps into Sara’s chest. I envy you, it’s a smiley sight.

“Thanks to you. Thank you for worrying about me, Rion. Alex too…”

Sara tried to see Alex. Should I put Alex’s status on her network? Sara, you should be able to see him with this.

=====================================
Alex 3-year-old male Abyssal Great Black Wolf

Level: 92
Title: Hero’s companion
HP: 1637/1637 (+100)
MP: 560/560 (+100)
Strength: 1154 (+320) (+100)
Endurance: 712 (+100)
Agility: 889 (+100)
Magical power: 556 (+100)
Good luck: 498 (+100)
Skill: Shadow movement (unique skill)
Crawling (unique skills)
Swordsmanship (S class)
Light (S class)
Sense of smell (class A)
Hide (A-class)
Concealment detection (class B)
Toughness (A-class)
Auxiliary effect: Summoning / Magic supply (S class)

=====================================

“Alex has grown too …”

“Gau”

Alex has evolved into an Abyssal Great Black Wolf (Frosvitnil). As with the status, the size of its body is very different. When sitting, its head is close to the ceiling. It’s a level of looking up in respect. It’s barely possible to go through the door of the mansion. Like this, the size of the equipment may not fit unless I make a weapon like Gerard’s sword.

“Yeah! And he got really strong. I couldn’t stand it last night and had a special training at the training ground.”

Rion’s story about Alex continued. Sara had a delicate expression, “That? You were worried, right?”

“Sara, you evolved safely, right? It feels like your atmosphere has become dignified.”

“Indeed!? After all, Rion is different. Kelvin said that my appearance did not change. It’s really rude! Well, actually, this horn part…”

Still, Rion turning around the situation was frightening. Maybe Sara is just simple.

“Oh, that’s right. Kelvin!”

“Hmm?”

“Yesterday, that … you took care of me! I’m grateful!”

Turning away she threw words of gratitude.

” I’d be happier if you could make eye contact and tell me.”

“I can’t do it now!”

It was refreshingly declared.
Chapter 113: The Power of Reincarnation
Kelvin’s House / Living Room

The day before the mock battle, after finishing the last training, I couldn’t even walk anymore. It was a hassle to sweat in the bath, so I asked Efil to wipe my body lightly and collapsed like last night. I didn’t feel like returning to my room, so the place was the sofa in the living room.

“I wonder if you can think of a better way. I’m afraid I’ll die if this continues every day?”

“This is the most efficient way. If anyone is at risk of losing his life, he will grow beyond their limits.”

“Are you really an angel?”

Today’s training was harder than yesterday. I avoided Melfina’s onslaught while casting Death wind Sickle, and accurately counteracting Melfina’s magic that was unleashed with the scythe. If I didn’t pay attention to my feet, the restraint of ice cast by blue magic will creep up, and Efil’s arrow fired from a distance. What’s more, a serious arrow, the ‘Pyro hydra’ of eight heads would be released without any adjustment, I didn’t think I was able to put it out. However, when I cared only about Efil, Melfina set up a hand. Parallel thinking was also busy.

[If you shoot, shoot seriously. A slight injury can be cured with Mel’s or my magic.]

I want to hit myself half a day ago when I said such a stupid thing. Thanks to that, my whole body is full of burns and frostbite. This is what it means to earn my own money! Well, I cured myself!

“So, I think we use carrots and sticks properly in this way. Hmm… Yes, next is the left ear.”

“I’m convinced, I shouldn’t…”

If the training of hell is a whip, this situation now is probably candy. I’m now having my ears picked on Melfina’s lap. Her ear-picking technic is not as good as Efil’s, but it is strangely vexing that I calmed down.

“Have you been healed a little?”

“Well, yeah.”

“Excellent.”

Maybe I’m afraid I’ll forgive this.

“Even so, I was surprised by Sara.”

“Hmm? Oh, it’s about the evolution. I didn’t think it would be that strong.”

“No, it’s about the monster she defeated in the dungeon.”

Monster? Is the white wolf that was served at lunch today? Certainly, when it was taken out of Clotho’s storage, I was surprised at that big size. And it was delicious, so much that my cheeks fell.

“That was one of the pillars that my predecessor, God, created all over the world, but I never thought she would defeat it…”

“Isn’t it bad that if you defeat that type of guy?”

The direction is different from what I thought.

“Did it taste good? I enjoyed it.”

“Is the character different, or is it a problem to eat?”

“It’s okay. It seems that my predecessor was dismissed because he wasn’t good at the god pillar, and the god pillar itself has almost lost its function on my time. So, it would be more beneficial to feed your experience. This time, Sara probably touched the god pillars. The role of the god pillars on the surface is to exterminate demons and demon kings in an emergency. “

“That’s why the pillar reacted. So, what did your predecessor try to do? Did he try to destroy the world?”

“Well, why? Hmm … Yes, I finish it.”

She evaded the question. I raised my head from Melfina’s lap and sit back on the couch.

“Does it have something to do with your last story? You see, you said that.”

It was a conversation before starting training with Melfina yesterday. At that time, it was a rare but serious atmosphere.



[The man you fought the other day, Clive, did he really call himself a reincarnator?]

“I told you that Clive did say that at that time. You were surprised the moment you heard my words.”

“That kind of thing is—“

“I have been with you for months. I rarely see Mel’s surprised expression, so I knew right away.”

“You’re really sensitive to this, even though you’re missing something.”

Melfina laughed bitterly.

“I didn’t want to tell you about the circumstances of the gods as much as possible.”

“I want to hear if possible.”

You can’t sleep like this.

“Oh, it can’t be helped. I explained the difference between summoning a different world person and summoning a reincarnated person before.”

“Oh, I heard it before reincarnating and summoning Rion. What happened?”

“In addition to the regular summoning using divine protection like Collet, there are rare cases where a other-worlder gets lost in this world. If you compare it to your world style, you can express it as spirited away. Is it okay? There are various causes, such as accidents or coincidence. Most of the foreigners living in this world are lost due to the latter. “

Certainly, the number of shrine maidens that can summon is too small for the recognition of different worlds. Will Tsubaki-sama’s ancestors of Trage be like that?

“But there are no exceptions to the reincarnation summoning, which are always done through the reincarnation god, because in fact I was working through my subordinates during Rion’s summoning.”

“Isn’t Mel involved in the reincarnation of Clive?”



“No, I am not.”

“Then, the predecessor who was released from that role used his power.”

“My predecessor has lost power, and above all, he has already disappeared. In addition, I am the only one who can handle the power of reincarnation. It is a strong factor that I was often away with you. So, there is a limit to what my subordinates can do. “

You were working hard. It’s hard to imagine from your lazy normal life Melfina sensei.

“Did you think of something rude?”

“You can’t think in such a serious mood.”

I can get away with this. Don’t get tired and get nervous at midnight. I have to keep only the facial expression with my courage skill. However, there are many mysteries about Clive. At that time, I would have investigated if I didn’t make a mistake …

“It’s very unlikely that a reincarnated person from my predecessor’s era is alive. It’s unlikely, but if he’s got the power of reincarnation from other than me… There may be someone. “

“I see. The real reason Mel came to me was to figure it out.”

“No, I came completely on my own. I enjoy it normally.”

Melfina waved, “No.” This guy denies it with a straight face. Isn’t that quite important!?

“Well, this is another possibility. It would be useless to say that you shouldn’t worry too much.”

“Oh, for the time being, the Rizea Empire, Trisen and Gerard’s death are suspicious. The Rizea Empire on the eastern continent seems to have little information. You may need to go to Delamis, which seems to have the most information. If so, shouldn’t you approach the shrine maiden, this Collet? No, on the other hand, there is also the possibility that Delamis is suspicious…”

Yeah, I think too much. There is not enough sugar in the brain.

“I’m already planning a strategy, and I think it’s better to accompany you, personally.”

“That’s right. It’s faster for Melfina to ask Colette. Why don’t you ask tomorrow?”

“I forgot to say, but tomorrow I will be within your magical power.”

“Oh, yeah. It’s awkward to have Mel, the reincarnation god, in a place where are people involved in Delamis.”

If you are a shrine maiden who reports directly to Melfina, you may be able to find out just by looking at her.

“There is that too … but she’s a little sick.”

“…?”

What does she mean? When I was wondering, the living room’s door opened vigorously. Hey everyone, let’s open the door quietly. It will break someday.

“Kelvin! I’m coming to drink as a pre-celebration for tomorrow!”

“My Liege! Let us have a drink tonight!”

“Wow!”

“I’m sorry I’m in Kel-nii, I couldn’t stop it …”

A tipsy Gerard with Luca on his shoulders, and a tension max Sara with Rion clinging to her hips as if dragged by, got into the room. And modestly behind were Efil and Clotho.

“Oh, we have to do it moderately, right?”

“I’m so sleepy right now…” [TN I guess it’s Kelvin saying these two sentences.]

I knew it would be useless if I say something, so I put forth the little strength I had and cast ‘Refreshing Breeze in myself.

Chapter 114: Sudden Encounter
On the way to the Spirit’s song

“Well then, come on.”

We left the mansion to Elie. I was forcibly taken by Sara and others and headed to the bar of Spirit’s song. That said, the tiredness of training cannot be healed so easily, and I walked again with the black wand as support. As an S-class adventurer, this didn’t look good, so I asked Efil to lend me a shoulder when I left the mansion’s garden. In this case, I would love that it looked like I was injured in honor by a fierce battle with my life on the edge, well maybe.

“Sara, I’m pretty enthusiastic, but you shouldn’t be good at drinking…”

“I don’t drink, do I? But I love the festive atmosphere!”

The translation of it is that she is overwhelmed by that atmosphere and gets drunk every time. And I’m dying because I’m in a crisis.

“I am sorry Kel-nii, tomorrow is an important day. I couldn’t stop Sara with my current strength …”

“Oh, I heard that it is just a dinner party… If it’s a feast, it’s no good today.”

Efil, Rion. You guys are my last conscience. To be honest, if I drink alcohol in this state, I will collapse on the spot.

“What are you talking about? Both of you! It’s an important day, so don’t go to morale like this!”

“Um! I couldn’t drink a single drop today. Let’s enjoy the eagle to the fullest!”

“Um! I also enjoy it…”
Gerard, you already drank a few cups. Lucca on his shoulder seems to have fun imitating Gerard’s mouth, but she is a little suspicious. It’s like she is drunk…

“Hey Gerard. You didn’t let Lucca drink, right?”

“I won’t let my precious Lucca drink. It seems that she ate a pound cake with alcohol made by Efil, and she’s been like this ever since.”

“I’m sorry. It’s my mistake. It seems that she ate a sample placed on the kitchen table… Nobody would be left to take care of her, so I decided to take her with Mr. Gerard.”

“Oh, that kind of thing… Alcohol in a cake wouldn’t be a big deal, but you have to take care of her.”

“I know. I’ll pull up with it even if he is napping.”

Well, if Lucca is the first Gerard, is that safe? I’ll be quiet while watching Sara next to Efil. Because of that, this would be a trial.

“You, is it true that there is a legendary dish “curry” at the Spirit’s Song!?”

This would be a trial…

~~~~~~~~~

Spirit’s Song / Tavern

“Claire! I’m here!”

An inn that is as familiar as Kelvin’s mansion, the Song’s spirit. It’s like home to us, and Sara treats Claire as if she had come to see her mother. Like me, everyone else seems to visit frequently.

“Oops, I’ve been waiting! What’s wrong with Kelvin-chan!?”

“No, just on an adventure at home.”

I was crossing the most dangerous bridge here. Even so, this dashing Claire’s voice doesn’t really change here.

“Yes, Claire! I caught them on my own!”

Sara took out fresh fish and shellfish from the bag she carried by. I was wondering what was in it since we left the mansion, but was it a souvenir for Claire?

“Well, this is lively again. Sorry to trouble you, Sara.”

“It’s okay. I’m fishing too much, and I can handle it… Besides Claire has taken care of me!”



I just glanced at Melfina. Although she doesn’t care.

“Then, I should put my arm on it too! Efil-chan, please help me.”

“Yes, master, let’s go.”

“Oh, please come back as soon as possible…”

I see Claire and Efil disappear into the kitchen. Oh, my few consciences… [TN I really couldn’t guess what he wanted to say with this: 俺の数少ない良心が]

“I see, they’ll make seafood curry.”

I think differently.

“Hey Kelvin, your seat is here!”

“Ah, Mr. Urd”

The person beckoning was Mr. Urd. I rarely meet him at the Spirit Song, but today we drink at the bar. And it’s like he knew I was coming. Looking around there were quite a few familiar adventurers.

“I am here for you Kelvin, take a seat. Have a drink?”

“Hey, you’re so impatient.”

Rion guided me while grabbing and supporting my arm. Perhaps, because she was caring for me that she was even acting so as not to be unnatural. Onii-chan, I’m going to cry.

A large table seat was designated by Mr. Urd. This will allow all my friends to sit down. I sat in a chair while muttering “heave ho” in my heart. Does it smell like an old man? That’s how bad my legs are. If possible, I would like to lie face down at the table as it is, but I will put up with it no matter how much.

“I heard from Gerard and Sara. You’re having a big pre-celebration today? Our regulars gathered to celebrate with you. We were waiting for you to arrive. We couldn’t start without the protagonist!”

“It seems to be so. I just heard it.”



“Um. It’s a surprise. It was planned by this one and Sara!”

“I did my best!”

I’m happy. I’m very happy, but why on this day when I’m exhausted! Gerard and Sara don’t know what the training is, so it’s a shame in a sense, but … let’s take it honestly.
“Now, let’s get started! Claire, we’re ready for sake!”

“You do it yourself! I’m busy preparing food!”

“Oh, yes.”

Urd walked to the kitchen as soon as Claire’s voice said so. It’s completely dominated. Other adventurers who saw it helped prepare, Urd’s desire could be seen.

“I’ll also help…”

“Kelvin, please sit down! We’ll be rushing in!”

“Oh yeah, if you let the protagonist help, there’s no way we can stand.”

I was stopped by a junior adventurer. As a result, I was saved because I couldn’t gather the force to stand up. I must thank him later. Thinking about that, Efil brought a cup in place of the two adventurers.

“Master, alcohol will be bad tomorrow, so take this…”

“Is this grape juice? Efil, I am saved.”

“It’s a special feast, but if you get a hangover tomorrow, you won’t have any chance.”

“Hey Efil, I like juice too. Is it over there?”

“Oh, I want juice too!”

If you think about it, our women can hardly drink alcohol. Melfina seems to change each time according to the dish.

“What would you like Mel?”

“Well, shall I get the same thing?”

And with the cooperation of everyone, the preparations for the banquet proceeded smoothly. Gerard took the toast. Lucca dressed as a maid stormed in and the party started in a chaotic state, but it soon settled down and became the usual drinking party. An acquaintance adventurer from Mr. Urd’s party came to pour sake, but I told him about tomorrow’s game and refused implicitly. Fortunately, everyone seemed to understand it well, and he forgave me for toasting with juice instead of sake.

Sara is also on the lookout with me and Rion, so she doesn’t drink at all. Occasionally, she enjoys drinking juice. It seems unlikely that Sara will attack me today.

“Please tell us the story of the fierce battle in the Elven Forest later. It’s a promise, Mr. Kelvin!”

“If so, this one is going to talk as witness…”

“Don’t do it”

The black story was stopped, and Lucca seemed to be sleeping. When The party has halfway through and I tried to instruct Gerard to take Lucca to the mansion, a group of adventurers came into the tavern.

“Ah? Is full here too?”

The voice was made by a beast-man. It has dog-like animal ears on its head. He has a sharp eye and receives a terribly warlike image.

“Nagua, the day before the promotion ceremony is like this everywhere. It is our responsibility to arrive at this time. I’m grateful that the guild is preparing an inn.”

That was an elf woman. She gave an intellectual vibe in contrast to the beast-man. However, it’s rare to see an elf in Parse.

“I’m hungry …”

“Sylvia, you have to be patient.”

“Even I you said that my stomach is at the limit…”

A girl and a dwarf man came in from behind. Hmm, Sylvia?
Black Summoner – Chapter 1[by Shasu]
Chapter 1 – Summoner
 

Upon waking up I was surrounded by greenery as far as I could see. I was stranded in some forest totally unbeknownst to me.
The trees were rustling pleasantly in the wind, but that didn’t comfort my increasing inner distress at all.
No matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t remember why I was sleeping in this place. I couldn’t even recall my own name. Was this the so-called amnesia? It would appear I didn’t forget my general knowledge and education at the very least. Personally I couldn’t recall it at all, but the knowledge of me being born and raised in Japan on Earth was preserved.
My mind was shrouded by a haze. It was a really odd sensation. Being puzzled by the situation I slowly stood up when I suddenly noticed something flashing in front of me. There wasn’t anything there a short while ago though… .

“Wh-What … this is …” (-)

A button was shining on a semi-transparent screen. Upon inspecting it closely, I was able to see a letter written on the button. It somehow resembled the menu screen of a game.

“Welcome to the alternate world!” <Menu> (T/N: “Isekai he youkoso!” I prefer the romanji version xD )

For an instant my thinking froze completely. The alternate world? Is this alternate world the place I am at right now?
While I was pondering this the button continued to blink. Although I was considering this to be a bad joke I pushed the button.

“Congratulations! You won the right to transfer to a different world as result of a impartial lottery!
Although the memory of the time before the transfer was erased, please do not worry as you granted us permission before the transfer. Due to your retained knowledge you should understand that point must be strictly adhered to!” <Menu>

“What did I do before transferring!?” (-)

“This is a fantasy world where you will encounter fierce sword competitions and exciting magic battles.
Now, you have to learn about the skills you chose before the transfer. Please look at the Status screen for a detailed explanation.” <Menu>

In the next moment the screen changed and displayed a standard array. Ah, as I expected, this was a screen often seen in games.

Kelvin – 23 years old – Human – Summoner

Level: 1
Title: None

HP: 10/10
MP: 20/20

Strength: 1
Endurance: 1
Agility: 3
Magical Attack: 5
Luck: 4

Skill: Summoning <Grade S> Open Slots: 9

Green Magic <Grade F>
Eye of Appraisal <Grade S>
Growth rate x2
Skill points x2
Experience sharing
Skill points: 0

The distrust from a while ago vanished as I was staring intently on the screen. It would appear I have quite the fondness for games. After all I was currently trembling excitedly in anticipation.



I felt sorry for speaking badly of the transfer before.

From the explanation provided by the menu screen I had spent skill points before the transfer to acquire several skills. As far as I could see, quite a lot of skill points were used.
Up to grade S and the Summoner class it is. I only know of one famous game with such a setting … as expected, huh?

“Well, for the moment, let’s check out the details of the skills.” (Kelvin)

Summoning <Grade S>

By making a contract with the target you can add it as a follower.
Added followers receive their magical power through the summoner, their status increases and communication with the summoner is possible.
Summoning the follower within the magical power range of the summoner is enabled.
By raising the skill rank the number of possible followers increases, the status up of the followers increases and an upgraded contract becomes available.

Green magic <Grade F>

Magic to manipulate the power of earth and wind.
Offensive – Support – Recovery can be handled by this well balanced magic.
By raising the skill rank the available magic spells increase.

Eye of Appraisal <Grade S>

Status of target is viewable.
By raising skill rank the amount of information increases.

Growth rate x2



Upon leveling the stats gained are doubled.

Skill points x2

Upon leveling the skill points gained are doubled.

Experience sharing

Experience is shared by all party members.
This skill also applies to the summoner’s followers.

“Oh, now that’s a decent support character. The benefit of leveling is great, too.” (Kelvin)

The Summoning skill required a contract though.
I wondered, should I talk to them as soon as I defeated them? Magical power supply … what’s that?

“After the targets agrees, it will be possible to form a contract with it. Upon conclusion of the contract, the target will change into a magic body and be assimilated by your magic. To successfully summon the target a suitable amount of MP is required and the maximal MP value is lowered. This MP represents the magical power supply. If you cancel the summon the maximal MP value returns to its former value, but please be advised that the MP used for the summoning is not returned.” <Menu>

Thank you for the explanation. To think I would be instructed this precisely after asking. This menu is quite handy.

In short, consecutive summons are not possible due to the MP not recovering fast enough, huh?
Furthermore due to the decrease in the maximal MP, the possibility to use other magic will be narrowed down, too. MP management will be crucial, I guess.

“You are quick on the uptake. Should we go to a nearby town for starters then? There is an adventurer’s guild over there. It would be a good idea to register.” <Menu>

… Quite the common talking for a while now. Menu, will you accompany me?

“Fufu … that would be the least I can do as you have no memory. Please have a look at this.” <Menu>

As Menu replied, it displayed a screen.

Kelvins follower – Slot: 9

Merufina – 1276 years old – Angel – Transferred God

Level: <Impossible to determine>
Title: From God to me

HP: <Impossible to determine>
MP: <Impossible to determine>

Strength: <Impossible to determine>
Endurance: <Impossible to determine>
Agility: <Impossible to determine>
Magical Attack: <Impossible to determine>
Luck: <Impossible to determine>

Skill points: <Impossible to determine>

“This is a first for me as god. To become someone’s follower. Please take responsibility.
Also, this is the communication between a summoner and their follower.” (Merufina)

“Eeehhhhhhhh … what in the hell did I do before transferring here!!??” (Kelvin)

~ And thus the story of my alternate world transfer began ~

CHAPTER 2 – THE TOWN PAZU
A note regarding the future format of text editing:

Explanatory text will be kept in past tense. Thoughts and talk within the mind will be italic and present tense (unless specified otherwise) Regular speech will be case by case regarding tenses.
Sorry, but the correct tenses are not easy to decipher from MTL and Romaji, thus I will set it like this for now.

The author of the series dishes out 1-2 chapters per day currently. If they keep being so short, I might consider an increase of chapters per week. But that will depend on how well the translation of the other 2 will go and how this one develops story wise (alternative would be another series) .

Menu-san, no rather because of her sudden confession, it is Merufina?

After I recovered from the shock, we headed towards the nearby town. While on the move I was told the rough sequence of events happening before the transfer.

It would appear I died in an accident before coming to this world. This accident was caused by a blunder of god (no, not Merufina).

This god requested a special treatment for me from Merufina whose responsibility was governing over reincarnation.

Such cases happened in the past before too, according to Merufina.

After all God makes mistakes, too.

“Surprisingly there also are many irresponsible Gods. I am diligent though, ok?” (Merufina)

Originally Merufina was an angel serving god, she remarked in my mind.

As a reward for meritorious service for many years, she was promoted to guarding deity ruling over reincarnation in the (T/N: heavenly) division of this world.

In comparison to other gods, she was a young god who just started out.

Oh well, that is, if you believe Merufina’s words on the matter.

As I uttered my complaints while interacting with Merufina, she also mentioned her innermost thoughts.

“Right after choosing the skill you approached me about signing a contract with you desu~.

You fell in love with me and begged me to accompany you! For nearly an hour you coaxed me into doing that for you.

As I was handling that administrative position for several hundreds of years, I felt a little bored and thus I accepted that plea of yours.” (Merufina)

… Though I couldn’t recall it at all, it would seem I fell in love with Merufina at first sight.

At the moment I was only able to hear Merufina’s voice but I guessed she was suitable being a goddess previously.

“Occasionally it is necessary for a goddess to get some rest desu~.

In other words, paid holiday desu~.

Since I pushed the work onto my follower, it is alright.

For several centuries now I have had no break. If I don’t recharge soon, I will break.” (Merufina)



Follower, eh? … You were treating my transfer as a chance to go on a vacation ?!

In that case return my memories already, will you?

“Didn’t you decide to erase your memories before you were transferred? The increased skill points serve as sufficient compensation for your lost memories.

You were informed about this.” (Merufina)

What should I say to the person I fell in love with?

The memory of falling in love is gone after all.

“Even if you lost your memories, you can just fall in love with me again! What sweet words you used before.

Because it was so straight forward, my heart went kyun~ and even though it was a mistake I permitted it.

Favorability level +1, desu~.

Congratulations!” (Merufina)

Uoo~ … Please stop it already at this point.

Even if don’t remember, I feel like I don’t want to know about my black past … Still what a blunder, for Merufina to suit my taste in women so much, huh?

With this much said, I want to actually see Merufina now.



“Since we are already contracted with each other … can I summon you now?” (Kelvin)

“It currently is impossible. The MP required for materialization is severely lacking.” (Merufina) (T/N: Tough luck there is no red star in the sky, huh? ^^)

That surely took the wind out of my sails.

Current objective: Raise the level far enough to summon Merufina!

“I am looking forward to your growth and new confession of love” (Merufina)

“There will be no confessions.” (Kelvin)

While chatting the town cam into view.

“This town is our destination, Pazu, desu~.” (Merufina)

It seemed to be a reasonably large town. It was surrounded by a stone wall with the houses being within the wall.

The town scape, which differed quite a lot from modern Japan, made my heart flutter.

By the way, my current appearance is the same as common travelers in this world.

Thus I don’t think I will stand out specifically.

There were gateways into the town on both sides, east and west.

Approaching the gatekeepers I was about to get in contact with the first human beings from this world.

Oh, a gatekeeper seems to have noticed me.

“Yaa~ .. Are you an adventurer? Sorry, but could you show me your guild card or identification papers?” (Gatekeeper)

“Well, I come from a small village in the hicks. I have no identification papers.” (Kelvin)

As Merufina had briefed me earlier I dealt with him in such way.

There were a lot of people in this world, who didn’t possess identification papers.

Hence those papers were issued at the gate of big towns like this.

Though it cost a bit money, there was no problem as Merufina held onto some before transferring.

Even though she gave up her job, this was a task even a child could do.

“As I said before, I’m a diligent person desu~.” (Merufina)

After finishing the business with the identification papers, I headed to the next destination; the adventurer’s guild.

~ At first I was doubtful, but now I am brimming with the motivation to fully enjoy this fantasy world. ~

 I arrived at the adventurer’s guild. The building housing was quite imposing.

Well then, I guess I should have a look inside!

『What’s this strange tension?』 (Merufina)

“I can’t explain it properly, but my excitement has increased.” (Kelvin)

When I entered, the first thing I saw was the reception counter.

The Misses (musume-tachi) who worked as guild receptionists were dealing with adventurers. However there was no cute young woman among them.

To the side of the counter there was a bar. And despite it being daytime there already was a person drinking sake.

It was a typical guild right out of a RPG. It was just as I imagined and that made me happy. I thought it would only be muscular middle-aged man (ossan-tachi) but there were quite a few young woman and man, too.

I lined up at the queue for the counter and waited a little while. My turn came around.

“Hello! What sort of business do you have?” (Receptionist)

It was a sweet girl with light brown braided hair who greeted me in an energetic voice. Energetic girls sure are nice~.

“I want to register as an adventurer.” (Kelvin)

“Registration it is, I understand. Then, please fill out this form here. Do you need someone else to write it for you?” (Receptionist)

“No, it’s alright.” (Kelvin)

Language comprehension, that’s what enabled me to write and read the words here and was acquired when I was transferred to this world.

It was thanks to Merufina-sama-sama.1

Only name and occupation are required to be filled out, huh?

It was fairly simple.

Name is Kelvin and occupation is Green Magician … duh

“Kelvin it is. Please wait a moment.” (Receptionist)

There is a reason why I set the occupation as Green Magician.

Summoner was a class of an extremely rare degree in this world.

There was an occupation with a similar ability though, Beastmaster.

This one didn’t use summoning magic but used a method of taming monsters and training them into pets. There is no MP used and it’s possible to have the trained monster serve you at all times. By increasing the skill rank you could tame more pets, it seems. In other words, the same as a summoner.

The merit of a summoner is to not being limited to only monsters as you can likewise possess humans, elves and golems who are valid as an inorganic creature, too. Furthermore, there was status up, communication with your followers and the possibility to summon them wherever you like as long as it is in range of your magic. As compensation for using part of your MP, the reward was large.

Becoming such a summoner was restricted to very few people. Most likely one person per nation. As soon as they are discovered they are targeted by the higher-ups of a nation.

To me, who wanted to freely enjoy this fantasy world, such a thing would be an obstacle. Thus I wanted to conceal my summoner class as much as possible.

“I’m sorry to have you kept waiting. This will serve as proof of guild membership.” (Receptionist)

She handed me the guild certification.

It was a blue card with wings drawn on it. There was an “F” written atop of it.

“Let me explain the simple guild system next.” (Receptionist)



Going by her explanation, adventurers are split into seven ranks.

She showed a board.

———————————————–

Rank F (Beginner) <— Kelvin

Rank E (Novice)

Rank D (Amateur)

Rank C (Advanced)

Rank B (Expert)

Rank A (Monster) <— Shasu

Rank S (Godlike) 2

———————————————–

My name is written down in lovely characters next to my rank.

Un, that’s easy to understand.

“As Kelvin-san has just registered, you start as an F-Rank. You can accept a request at any area that has a guild. Requests are split by ranks and posted on a bulletin board for all adventurers to see.” (Receptionist)

“In other words, I can only accept F-Rank requests right now?” (Kelvin)



“It is possible to accept requests that are one rank above your own. However, please be warned that you have to pay the penalty for contract breach in case you fail a request.” (Receptionist)

Uh huh, that means I can’t recklessly challenge higher ranking requests.

“If you succeed in completing requests 10 times your adventurer rank will rise. Even if you complete higher ranking requests, the number required for a rank up remains the same. However, please be careful as from C-Rank onward there will be examinations for raising your rank.” (Receptionist)

“Roger that.” (Kelvin)

“There are 4 kinds of requests: Subjugation, Escort, Harvest and Special. For subjugation requests, please don’t forget to bring a part of the targets body as proof that you defeated it.” (Receptionist)

Mu~, sounds like proof is necessary.

With this excessive hunting is improbable as I won’t be able to hold all the proofs.

“Is there a reasonable request for a beginner?” (Kelvin)

“Well, let’s see. I recommend these.” (Receptionist)

Subjugation of 3 x blue slimes.

Harvesting of 5 x medical herbs.

Search for pet cat (Special request)

Those were the basic run-downs of the requests.

That means special requests didn’t belong to any other request type, huh?

『Master,3 how about accepting the request to subjugate 3 blue slimes? In the first place, those are ideal monsters for your summoning magic.』 (Merufina)

Un, so we were thinking the same, huh?

I want to try out the summoning magic soon, too.

Of course, somewhere where it doesn’t attract public notice.

“I would like to accept the subjugation request of the blue slimes.” (Kelvin)

“I understand. Here you go.” (Receptionist)

After receiving the request formally, I left the adventurer’s guild.

A little while later I heard that she (the receptionist) is called Angie. I will be often taken care of by her from now on.

Now then, next would be preparing my equipment. As I have no extra money to spare currently, it will be limited to weapons and recovery items.

『A wood rod it is. Although it has no physical attack power, there is a weak magic attack boost dwelling within. It will likely help you with your magic.』 (Merufina)

Most of my money was spent on this.

For the sake of today’s inn charges, off I go!

Translation Notes:

1 Yea, twice to increase the gratitude I guess.

2 Translation would be inhuman, but with such a fantasy world … more like not measurable by any scale. But that is hard to put in one word, so it had to be of course… ;)

3 She calls him “anata-sama.” You could also translate it as “darling” but since she uses keigo and gives off a meek flair, I opted for master.
Now then, after leaving the town I arrived at a plain before long.

Walking on the road next to the forest with its boisterous sounds of nature, I was lucky to not encounter any monsters on the way. The distance wasn’t far either.

“I was told they should appear around here …” (Kelvin)

Surveying the area there were no blue slimes in the vicinity.

After walking for a little while searching for them, I finally saw something resembling a blue shape in front.

『It’s a blue slime. Master, please use [Eyes of Identification] to examine it.』(Merufina)

Just as I was told by Merufina, I invoked [Eyes of Identification].

Before I could understand how it was supposed to work, I already was under the influence of the invocation.

It feels almost like moving one’s body, huh?

Owning the skill seems to make the invocation fairly simple.

Blue Slime – 0 years old – No race – Blue Slime

Level: 1

Title: None

HP: 5/5

MP: 0/0

STR: 1

STA: 1

AGI: 2

MATK: 1

LUK: 2

Skill: Stun resistance

Skill points: 0

This is [Eyes of Identification]?

It’s able to read the entire status of the target.

『[Eyes of Identification] doesn’t only work on living things. It also works on unidentified objects. Your [Eyes of Identification] is grade S. As long as the target is less than 100 levels above you, it is possible to identify it.』 (Merufina)

It should work on the majority of targets then, huh? … Wait, I was able to see Merufinas status although it shouldn’t be possible to display it.

In other words, does the level of Merufina surpasses mine by over 100?

『Tentatively speaking, I am a goddess after all.』 (Merufina)

For the sake of summoning you, just how much MP will be consumed … nevermind, the story strayed off.

First the blue slime in front.

I slowly approached the blue slime.

First of all, to succeed in forming a contract I need the other parties agreement.

Should I talk to the slime to get its agreement? (T/N: LOL)

『In case of monsters who don’t understand words, you have to weaken it considerably without defeating it though. If you invoke the contract then, it will agree to it. It’s a fellow you want to befriend by using strength.』 (Merufina)

Merufina appeared to have an abundant gamer’s knowledge, too.

It seems I would finish it off if I used magic, so I had to use the wood rod to fight it.

“Tou!” (Kelvin)



Putting a fair amount of strength into it, I attacked the blue slime.

The slime was blown back by a few meters while rolling around *poyon poyon*

I invoked [Eyes of Identification].

「Remaining HP: 3. Do you wish to form a contract?」 (System)

I held up my hand towards the slime as arranged by the system in order to form a contract.

“Uo~ … It feels like something is coming out of its body covering it in a mist. Is this alright?” (Kelvin)

『Regardless whether the formation of a contract is successful or not, half of the remaining MP will be spent on the attempt. That’s the effect of spending a large amount of mana.』 (Merufina)

“Please tell me that earlier … Oh well, okay. Is the contract formation successful?” (Kelvin)

Looking at the blue slime, it started to gradually to glow in a white light.

Bright.

『Congratulations. The contract is established.』 (Merufina)

“Is it done with this?” (Kelvin)

『The monster you contracted this time has no name yet. How about giving it a name, Master?』 (Merufina)

Fumu, name, huh?

My naming sense is on fire and so it will end up sounding chuuni-like.1

Should I play it safe here?

No, it’s no problem as this a fantasy world.

“Alright, from today onwards you shall be called Clotho2. Please take care of me from now on!” (Kelvin)

Clotho jumps up while trembling *purupuru* .



And then it changed into light particles which were absorbed into me.

That fellow became a magic body, huh?

According to what Merufina told me before, with this Clotho should have been absorbed into my mana.

“Oi Clotho, can you hear me?” (Kelvin)

Although I can’t hear Clotho’s words, its feelings are directly transmitted to me.

Is it pleased with only this?

『Mutual understanding is possible without having to use words as a means of communication. As a fellow follower I have to say this method gives me peace of mind though.』 (Merufina)

Ah, Clotho is slightly scared.

You don’t have to be afraid of Merufina.

For the time being I should name this as follower’s network (T/N: Blog!).

It allows virtually instant conversation and it looks to me that it will be useful in battle.

“The next is summoning. As I used half my MP earlier for the contract, the remaining MP is 10. Will that be sufficient?” (Kelvin)

『For a slime of this level it will be fine. However in regards to understanding the summoning skill: Please be careful of the forceful contract cancellation in case the followers HP drops to 0 and it dies.』 (Merufina)

In this world it had been arranged that 『HP reduced to zero = death』.

Naturally there is no such thing as revival in the church after death as it is common in games.

Clotho is an important friend who will accompany me from now on.

I will make sure to not make a blunder and avoid such a thing to happen.

『As long as so much as 1 HP remains, it is possible to cancel the summons and return the follower back into your mana. HP and MP will be recovered gradually over time, if it returns to be a magic body. Please make sure to apply this rule wisely.』(Merufina)

*Funfun* Very educational.

Well then, now that I have received Merufina-sensei’s authorization, I shall invoke the summoning.

Ah, right. I don’t know yet how far my magic range goes. Let’s go with summoning right before the eyes then.

Just as the thought crossed my mind, the magic square appeared instantly and in the next instant Clotho was within it.

It seems that summoning is carried out in a fairly high speed.

“First objective of testing achieved. Next up, the subjugation request.” (Kelvin)

『Making Clotho murder its own family … Master, you are quite the savage.』(Merufina)

“Gufu” (Kelvin)

When I was writhing in agony over my lacking discretion, Clotho transmitted its feelings by jumping about.

“Because the slime family grows by the strong absorbing the weak it is alright, huh? Clotho, you don’t have to force yourself.” (Kelvin)

Clotho showed its eagerness with his trembling body.

No, there’s no problem if Clotho is fine with it.

“As for absorbing the defeated opponent, that would be a problem. I have to dismantle the slimes and collect the cores as proof for the subjugation request this time.” (Kelvin)

However it should be okay for Clotho to absorb a part of the opponent.

I am a bit anxious about the remaining MP. I want to try out magic a bit, too.

We found a target.

Translation Notes

1 chuuninbyou (in short: chuuni) … well for those who don’t know that term yet. Some weird delusional sickness of Japanese middle school students thinking they are some kind of super heroes and such.

2 クロト .. Kroto would be the name I guess? If someone knows anything better, please feel free to share. I suspect it has some weird reference to a game/manga/anime/novel too. Changed it to Clotho now, sounds cuter any way and fixed the gender to neutral (for now). ^^
CHAPTER 5 – LEVEL UP
The new follower Clotho was next to me, tagging along on the search for blue slimes. After a short while we discovered 2 blue slimes.

“Let’s test the green magic to assess it. Because I will attack one of the slimes with magic, I will leave the other one to you, Clotho. Please show me the way you fight.” (Kelvin)

Clotho nods. *koku koku*

Due to the decreased mana supply, I immediately applied reinforcement on myself as to not be defeated by the approaching common blue slime.

Concerning green magic, I received several rudimentary instructions from Merufina.

After the contract with Clotho and its summoning, my MP took a heavy blow leaving me with only a part of it remaining. However I still have some recovery items.

Therefore I should be able to deal with a slime as opponent some way or the other.

“Air Blade Wind!” (Kelvin)

Grade F green magic [Air Blade Wind]

Small air blades are generated. It is a magic that attacks the target.

Although the attack power is low, it’s a low-cost and invisible attack that can be fired. Nice usability.

The wind tears apart the blue slime consigning it to oblivion in one blow.

“Clotho, go!” (Kelvin)

Clotho begins to run at great speeds challenging the blue slime with a charge.

This charge blew off the opponent and finished it off.

Its speed was totally different to the time before the contract was made. Most likely that was because of the Grade S summoning. The gap caused by the status up was huge as well.

『Because of the Grade S summoning all statuses are increased by +100.』 (Merufina)

Wha?! Additional 100!?

I confirmed Clotho’s status with [Eyes of Identification].

Clotho – 0 years old – No race – Blue Slime

Level: 1

Title: None

HP: 105/105 <+100>

MP: 100/100 <+100>

STR: 101 <+100>

STA: 101 <+100>

AGI: 102 <+100>

MATK: 101 <+100>

LUK: 102 <+100>

Skill: Stun resistance

Buffs1: Summoning Technique / Mana Enhancement (Grade S)

Skill points: 0

That’s too powerful … So that’s why nations value summoners so highly.

Just a slime follower of a level 1 summoner and it’s already this powerful.

An immediate asset if used in the army.

『Just a small correction: The only one possessing a Grade S summoning skill is you, master. The other rabble is at the most Grade B or C. Their status up is approximately +10 ~ +20. They are not able to turn a slime follower into an immediate asset.』(Merufina)

Are you serious? It’s no less than a splendid cheat to possess such skill at level 1.

Moreover, isn’t it the first time you praised me, Merufina? I’m a little bit happy.

After a short time, when Clotho had easily defeated third blue slimes, a fanfare resounded.



Is it that!? That default pattern !?

Before my eyes the status screen appeared.

Level up! Level 1 => Level 2

 

Kelvin – 23 years old – Human – Summoner

Level: 2

Title: None

HP: 20/20 <+10>

MP: 23/35 <+20>

STR: 3 <+2>

STA: 3 <+2>

AGI: 9 <+6>

MATK: 15 <+10>

LUK: 12 <+8>

Skill: Summoning <Grade S> Open Slots: 8

Green Magic <Grade F>

Eye of Appraisal <Grade S>

Growth rate x2

Skill points x2



Experience sharing

Skill points: 100

Oh, thanks to the passive skills the growth is remarkable.

It is very nice in regards to the expected increase of mana consumption.

I received 100 skill points, too.

『Please change from the status screen to the skill entries. By using the skill points, another new skill can be obtained.』 (Merufina)

“By the way, does the general public of this world know about the status screen? The situation of a level up should occur occasionally.” (Kelvin)

『It is known. The method is different though. One silently prays to God for displaying the status screen. That way one is able to display their own status, acquire skills and manage parties by themselves. However, the status screen of others cannot be seen.』 (Merufina)

In order to view the status of others, [Eyes of Identification] was necessary.

All things considered, you could confidently say that this world was quite permeated with a game-like mechanism.

Well, I don’t think this state of affairs is doubted, though, since it is like that since birth.

“Well then, I will open the skill entries.”

I opened the skill entries within the status screen.

The screen is full of skills with their name and effects. The required points to obtain a specific skill are listed as well. All together it was who-knows-how-many.

『Not all skills are displayed yet. There also are skills which require certain achievements to unlock them.』 (Merufina)

“I was able to get the summoning skill normally.” (Kelvin)

『That was a special exception and is usually not possible. That was, so to speak, a bonus available in the skill entries before transferring to this world.』 (Merufina)

“Then, there is no such bonus in this world available as well? Oh well, it can’t be helped.” (Kelvin)

While skimming through the skill entries, I let Clotho guard the vicinity.

“… Say, isn’t the amount of spendable skill points too low? After all, Grade F skills cost 10 points.” (Kelvin)

『By nature skill points represent the point values of the abilities. By increasing the level you obtain (T/N: ability) growth points. Although that value differs for each person, typically the point values of the abilities are 50 with growth points at 5.』 (Merufina)

“Oi, my growth points are 100. Even taking into account the doubled skill point gain, this number is weird.” (Kelvin)

『Incidentally the point values of the abilities were derived before the transfer. Even though there is a margin caused by the skills, generally the required points are as follows: Grade F: 10, Grade E: 20, Grade D: 40, Grade C: 80, Grade B: 160, Grade A: 320 and Grade S: 640. Because it is necessary to start from the lowest Grade when acquiring a skill, Grade S requires in total 1270 points.』 (Merufina)

“… Even if a common person reaches level 100, they can only get one skill up to Grade B at the most.” (Kelvin)

『… That’s how it is.』 (Merufina)

“… Even though I have two Grade S skills at level 1.” (Kelvin)

『… Look, it’s in exchange for your memories.』 (Merufina)

Now, that’s the very definition of me piling up a cheat on a cheat.

All the other-worlders in this world would believe this to be a bug.

However, I don’t know if there are any.

『To the bitter end, that is the situation of a common person. Among them there are some feared as inhumane or devil kings, too.』 (Merufina)

I won’t worry about it.

The difference in the raised basic statuses is more precious compared to the situation with the skills.

As long as I don’t do anything strange, I won’t stand out neither.

For now, let’s return to slowly checking the available skills.

While issuing instructions to Clotho, I face the remainder of the subjugation request.

 

Translation Notes

1 Translation would be “Support/Auxiliary Effects” but well, in game terms that would be “Buffs,” thus I will go with that. ^^

CHAPTER 6 – SKILL
The blue slime subjugation finished without any problems.

The summoned Clotho had been recalled.

After receiving the reward from the guild, I went to search for an inn to stay at for today.

“That’s the inn Angie-san mentioned, huh?” (Kelvin)

Angie had recommended an inn and taught me the necessary information.

『How affectionate of her to consider the pursue of a newcomer adventurer, Angie’s highly recommended inn! Apparently, that is.』 (Merufina)

“‘Singing spirits.’1 No doubt, it’s here. Let’s go inside.” (Kelvin)

Opening the door, I was greeted by an oba-san with a large build standing at the counter.

The landlady, huh?

“Oops, a guest? Welcome to ‘Singing Spirits’!” (oba-san)

“Umm, I would like to stay for one night.” (Kelvin)

“If it suits you, please stay the next as well. I would be glad. Atasha Clare2, nice to meet you.” (Clare)

“I am Kelvin. Apparently the food here is very delicious. It is a pleasure from now on.” (Kelvin)

“Hahaha, I have to put all my skills into the cooking today then!” (Clare)

After paying the lodging expenses, Clare-san guided me to my room.

I was briefly told the time for dinner in this inn.

Fuu~ , finally I can relax a bit.

“Although I had anticipated it, there is no bath …” (Kelvin)

『Royalty has bathrooms in their castle, the noble’s mansions often don’t have one either though. Commoners normally bathe in cold water or boil some water to use it to wipe their bodies.』 (Merufina)

“For Japanese people to not have a bath in their livelihood is severe! … One day I will live in a house with a bathroom.” (Kelvin)

As I was burning with ambition towards my new objective, I opened the skill entries from the status screen.

While scrolling through the entries, I was looking for the intended skill.

“… There!” (Kelvin)

 

Hide (Grade F) – Required Skill Points: 10

Up to Grade F [Eyes of Identification] can be prevented.



Up to Grade F [Detection] can be prevented.

Objects can be hidden.

 

Acquiring this skill ought to be the highest priority in order to hide my status information.

After listening to Merufina’s explanation before, it is obvious that the degree of difficulty for the skills I possess is unusual.

If it became known that I possess such skills at Level 2, I would be regarded as totally suspicious.

Therefore I will raise [Hide] up to Grade D.

Currently I have excess war potential on the battlefield.

“With this the countermeasure against [Eyes of Identification] is OK for the moment. Before long I want to raise it up to Grade B if possible, but …” (Kelvin)

Also, for the sake of this, I intend to focus on doing subjugation requests starting tomorrow.

I want to raise my cooperation proficiency with Clotho, too.

Oh, yes! By the way, this afternoon Clotho raised its level by defeating 5 blue slimes as well.



10 growth points were earned.

What wonderful superiority, isn’t it? With those 10 points Clotho can purchase quite a few varied skills.

 

Absorb (Grade F) – Required Skill Points: 10

A portion of mana will be absorbed and converted into energy.

Also effective when magic attacks are used.

Depending on the skill rank, the absorption power will be raised.

 

A quite interesting skill.

The absorbed energy can also be used to restore (T/N: heal) oneself. Furthermore it can also be used for attacking.

If the skill rank rises, it might be possible to completely nullify magic.

From now on Clotho will have to keep working hard, too.

“However, today’s fights went beyond easy. Neither Clotho nor me received any damage.” (Kelvin)

『Blue slimes are monsters that even beginner adventurers can safely hunt. To lose with such power, on the contrary, would be embarrassing. Some specimen can surpass the standard level and become high level. It is also possible for some to evolve into a different species. Unpreparedness is one’s greatest enemy.』 (Merufina)

“Evolution? Monsters can raise their level and evolve?” (Kelvin)

『The level is not the absolute condition in this case. The surrounding environment, the preferred food and further various conditions. Particularly, Clotho’s race, the slimes, got a diverse evolution tree. I am also looking forward to what my evolution will be like.』(Merufina)

I don’t understand Merufina any more. How can she look forward so much to the time of evolution.

“Hee~ , Clotho might sooner or later evolve, too. I am anticipating it, Clotho.” (Kelvin)

Clotho seems to be in high spirits.

Well then, for the time being I should go and get a meal.

Since I forgot to eat anything as I was engrossed in battle during lunch time.

I suppose that this will be the first meal I enjoy in this alternate world.

 

Translation Notes

1 精霊歌亭 .. “seirei uta tei” .. Well aforementioned name is my take on it. In case I am wrong, feel free to tell me. :)

2 Well I was confused at first as I thought her forename is Clare, but that doesn’t seem to be case as it’s apparently “Forename Last name” order. Since the MC calls her Clare-san, I will refer to her as Clare too, even if it is her last name.
CHAPTER 7 – ROOKIE CRUSHER
Merely one week has passed since I came to this world.

If someone asked me what I was doing in that time span, the answer would be subjugation & subjugation.

The next day after the blue slime subjugation, I accepted yet another Rank F subjugation request. Since the request was far too easy I simply breezed through it.

From then on I only accepted Rank E subjugation requests.

“Congratulations, Kelvin-san! By successfully completing this request, your adventurer rank has risen to Rank E!” (Angie)

Angie gave her blessing.

In all honesty, there was no sense of accomplishment though.

The subjugation target monsters for Rank E were Orcs, Kobolds and their likes. Basically monsters priding themselves in group tactics trying to crush their opponents with numbers.

However they weren’t overly intelligent after all.

For the [Status Up] Clotho and me they were no enemies due to our mutual understanding.

“At the time while processing the Rank E request, I was wondering how it would work out for you. Kelvin-san hasn’t formed a party after all ~mon1 ” (Angie)

I can’t join one even if I want to.

In the case I joined a party, my summoner class would immediately be exposed.

But, even though I can’t join one, I got a reliable partner anyway.

『A follower who was materialized by casting [Summon] will automatically be added to your party, Master. Substantially they always are part of your party though.』(Merufina)

Substantially, huh?

Looking at it from the view of other guys, an adventurer group consisting of only one rookie magician was finishing requests one rank above their own one after the other. For that reason …. it was quite conspicuous.

『Did you plan to act while not standing out?』 (Merufina)

It is tedious.

Forgive me.

While talking to Merufina within my mind, Angie-san leaned across the counter and drew close to me.

Too close!

“Kelvin-san, did you serve in any country as court magician? For a rookie-san you are far too strong.” (Angie)

“Eh, eto, I cannot disclose any details. I’m sorry.” (Kelvin)

“Ah, no, I am sorry as well! It is strictly forbidden to inquire about such matters from adventurers, you know …” (Angie)

Please, forgive me for making up such a thing.

I apologized once more within my mind.

“But please be careful. Because it is Kelvin-san, you want to receive a Rank D request next, isn’t that right?” (Angie)

“Yes, that was my intention.” (Kelvin)

If I tell a lie while receiving a request, it will also be exposed.2

Therefore I replied honestly here.

“If I think it is really dangerous, I will run away. I am confident in my escape skills.” (Kelvin)

“Please properly prepare your equipment at least! You haven’t changed your equipment for a week, have you, Kelvin-san?!” (Angie)

Oh, now that she mentioned it, I haven’t bought anything new.

Excessive pride is no good either.

I can gradually change my equipment with the reward money I have received so far.

“Hahaha, I understand. I will get some brand new equipment … that being said, I would like to receive a Rank D request now, please.” (Kelvin)

“Mu~ , did you really understand it? Eeto, Rank D request, it is …” (Angie)

While Angie was confirming the request, a man standing close by called out to me.

“Talking about Rank D, how about a Black Soulknight3 subjugation?” (-)

“Black Soulknight?” (Kelvin)

“Ca-Cashel-san (T/N: >> Kasheru <<), you are back already …!” (Angie)

By the way, who is this guy? Although I have turned up at the guild several times already, I never saw this guy.

Going by the impression of his appearance, he is a blond-haired ikemen with a refreshing air around him. Yet I somehow sense an unpleasant aura emitting from him.

“Yaa, Angie-chan, I’m back.4 I just got back now.” (Cashel)

“… Thanks for your hard work. How did it go with your request?” (Angie)

“Of course, safely resolved. It was a slightly tough fight in the lizardmen’s den though. Hahaha.” (Cashel)

Although Angie had a smile plastered across her whole face, her expression was cramped.



Somehow the mood of the surrounding adventurers became gloomy as well.

“By the way, the buddy over there, didn’t you raise to Rank E just now? Congratulations! Your adventurer-senpai is happy for you!” (Cashel)

“Eeto, who are you?” (Kelvin)

“Otto, I haven’t introduced myself yet. I am Cashel. A Rank D adventurer.” (Cashel)

He was a man acting out a drama in every little way.

The surrounding adventurers started to whispering among themselves. I tried to listen in a bit.

<Saying such things without shame despite having the ability of a Rank B in reality.>

<His purpose in life is to crush rookies after all. I guess he is excited since he can aim for that rookie who took a Rank D request just now.>

<Haa, unfortunately there is no one who is stronger than Cashel in this guild. It might be best to pretend to not have seen anything.>

The adventurers, who drank inside the bar, talked in low voices.

There ought to be Rank D adventurers among them.

As they weren’t meddling in this situation although they had the same rank, it seems the things they said were true.

“My party has talked about subjugating Black Soulknights next. Do you want to come with us? Judging by your appearance, Rank E requests are starting to be no challenge for you any more.” (Cashel)

“P-Pl-Please wait! Certainly that request is Rank D, but those Black Soulknights are a lot stronger than the others! Most likely they are an evolved subspecies. That request is far too dangerous for Kelvin-san!” (Angie)

“Hahaha, Angie-chan, it’s all right. Considering what you talked about a while ago, he cleared the Rank E request by himself, isn’t that so? If he cooperates with us, it will be no problem at all.” (Cashel)

“That is …” (Angie)

Angie ended up holding her tongue back.

“Thanks for the offer, but I won’t join your party. There would be no gain in forming a party with me either.” (Kelvin)

“You don’t have to hold back. You can consider this as a part of life experience, too.” (Cashel)

This guy, he is quite persistent.

I don’t have any interest in him coming over here.

Incidentally, Angie had stopped interfering not too long ago. Seeing this opportunity, I will use [Eyes of Identification] to see just how dangerous this Cashel guy really is.

 

 



Cashel – 25 years old – Human – Magic Swordsman

Level: 34

Title: Murderer

HP: 315/315

MP: 104/104

STR: 156 <+20>

STA: 131

AGI: 126

MATK: 102

LUK: 89

Skill: Sword Mastery (Grade B)

Herculean Strength (Grade E)

White Magic (Grade E)

Spy (Grade E)

Hide (Grade F)

Art of Conversation (Grade E)

Skill points: 0

 

 

The status level can’t be compared to Clotho.

He possesses some disturbing skills as well. And above all else, that title … However it is extremely unlikely for Cashel to be caught, too.

He made me his target quite obviously.

That’s right, we will settle it here.

“That’s so, isn’t it? Well, how about a match then?” (Kelvin)

“Match?” (Cashel)

“Yes, how about a match who will defeat that monster Black Soulknight, we talked about earlier, first? Of course I will challenge it solo.” (Kelvin)

“Oi oi, it isn’t an enemy you can defeat by yourself. As planned I will receive the request and go with my party, is that fine with you?” (Cashel)

“I don’t mind.” (Kelvin)

Am I not walking into the trap that guy set up for me this way?

Cashel is completely aiming for me. Probably he will attack me while I am fighting that Black Soulknight. Or he might attack me while on the journey to the destination, I guess.

I don’t know whether it is because of his pleasure in murdering or to snatch the reward, he is a worthy opponent either way.

More than anything else, I want to show the results of my leveling and training.

Besides, I am quite sure that I want to try it.

『Master, this way of thinking is peculiar to battle maniacs.』 (Merufina)

Shut up.

“Fufu, you seem to be full of yourself. I am fine with the match.” (Cashel)

“Then let’s begin the match. Angie-san, the request, please.” (Kelvin)

“K-Ke-Kelvin-san …” (Angie)

Angie-san, who had turned her sight this way, had a facial expression that seemed to break out into tears any time soon. However I couldn’t afford to pull back here.

Let’s just say that I am finally allowed to test my own strength.

 

 

Translation Notes

1 Not sure yet if it is one of those special kinds of sentence endings in Japanese or if it should be translated by its meaning. I am leaving it as such for now.

2 Don’t remember it, but I think it might be one of the adventurer rules in regards to requests.

3 黒霊騎士 … Kuro rei kishi … for those wondering about it.

4 Tadaima … well, usually known as “I’m home.”
CHAPTER 8 – CASHEL
This chapter is partially written from Cashel’s POV but then again not, kind of a mix. His thoughts are written in italic.

For those wondering: Rank x will be used for requests and adventurer ranks. Grade x will be used for skills (always in [ ]). Just for differentiation.

“… so, how was it? Him.” (Cashel)

After Cashel left the guild, he entered a dark alley.

Two men were waiting for Cashel there. Beforehand those two were mingling with the other adventurers at the bar while having light-hearted talks here and there.

“… Ah, boss.1 That rookie, I think he might be an important person.” (-)

It was small dirty man with the air of a thief around him.

“Rank C going by my [Eyes of Identification]. At least that guy likely got Grade C [Hide] if not more, you know ssu~ .” (-)

“Hee, even though he was brandishing his useless pride in his own skills so recklessly? I wonder what he is hiding.” (Cashel)

“Oi, Cashel. Can we tease him a bit before killing him off? I want to fight him first!” (-)

Next to the small man, there was a lively, muscular giant standing.

Cashel shrugged his shoulders while exclaiming a “Yare yare2 ” as the giant was laughing.

Even though it’s the usual antics, that guy really has no self-restraint.

“Raji (T/N: >> Raji <<), calm down a bit, will ya? He challenged us to a match on his own accord. We should praise his conviction as his senpais.” (Cashel)

“This can also count as guidance, you know ssu~ . Raji, you are not allowed to break yet another one with all your strength ssu~ . Whatever you do, the basics are to be very very gentle ssu~ .” (-)

“I don’t really understand such difficult words! I will merely do him in just like always.” (Raji)

“As always a muscle-brain ssu~ …” (-)

Cashel ran across those two about half a year ago.

While they were raiding and scavenging a certain village, although it was by coincidence he happened to pass by and thus their cooperation began.

To begin with, Cashel himself was at that time also searching for prey in that area.

Although he is an adventurer, he also carries an aspect of deriving pleasure from murdering others.

Occasionally he used his well-featured outer appearance and at other times he displayed his mastery of the sword in front of them as a lure. Since he possessed the skills [Spy] and [Hide] he smoothly coerced them while hiding his true intentions.

The name of the small man is Gimul (T/N: >> Gimuru <<).

He was a member of a famous band of thieves before the group was annihilated in a fight with a high-ranking adventurer.

Being aware of the nature of that adventurer due to his [Eyes of Identification], he escaped before anyone else could.

Though it was sly, this swift action saved his life.



From then on he lived his life filled with a void every day.

Before he ran away, he took out one knife.

He realized that the means of him surviving was only one way.

The giant man was Raji.

By nature, he was a mercenary wandering the battlefields in his search for blood.

However, he not only slaughtered the enemy but occasionally ordinary citizens as well. During war time both countries agreed to put him on the wanted list for his brutal nature.

Although it was also amusing to kill the bounty hunters who came for his head, it gradually became unpleasant.

Heading towards far off lands, he moved from nation to nation.

Those three different characters met in that village in the end.

Without even the time for the guild and nation to send reinforcements, they destroyed the village completely.

Leaving no more than a gruesome scene behind, Cashel used [Hide] on the thing resembling a mountain of corpses.

Although it would be exposed due to the level of the skill being Grade F, if [Eyes of Identification] were to be used, it was a temporary solution until they could dispose of it.

Having found kindred spirits, the three proceeded to agree on a mutual goal they could do together while keeping their different conduct.



As it was quite hilarious that their base was the town Pazu they enjoyed themselves while not leaving a trail of their deeds. Recently they were overdoing it though.

A rumor that Cashel was abusing his position as an adventurer to hunt rookies had begun to spread.

From that time onwards it went so far that suspicious looks were directed at Cashel wherever he went. Occasionally Gimul and Raji simply considered it to be all right to abandon Cashel.

That didn’t mean they would reveal his actions to the public right away though. When the time was ripe, they would sell out Cashel in order to gain the achievement of catching him by themselves …

Recently Kelvin came to the town Pazu. Cashel was absent on a campaign. Gimul and Raji spent their days drinking in the bar.

It was just a matter of time before they would target Kelvin who was completing requests consecutively in a short amount of time.

“Still, going ahead and causing us work … to actually defeat a Black Soulknight solo … I hate it that I don’t know what he is thinking. What do you think?”

“No idea. I wonder if he is a simpleton confident in his own victory? Not that it would make any difference.”

“Good! Good! Defeating him will be well worth it!” (Raji)

“… Maa, at that time I will leave it to you, Raji.” (Gimul)

Gimul and Raji didn’t notice.

Cashel had planned to use this match to get rid of them to begin with.

Cashel had realized it himself, too.

It wouldn’t be unusual for himself to be accused of the crime of hunting rookies.

The place the Black Soulknights appeared was an old castle filled with evil spirits classifying it as a Rank D dungeon.

He was told that the Black Soulknights appeared inside the deepest part of the castle. Of those drawn in and those gathered by the guild to tackle the Rank D request, no one has returned as a result.

On that occasion Cashel went on an expedition and using his [Spy] skill he scouted the area. Quite obviously it wasn’t just a Black Soulknight.

Let’s use that guy to remove the nuisances.

Cashel refined his plan to use the rookie hunt as bait.

Unlike the rookie adventurer, those three had miscalculated. After all they didn’t particularly pay any attention to him and neither were they vigilant towards him.

At the point of time when Gimul’s [Eyes of Identification] were resisted, they ought to have noticed it.

For him to be endowed with skills far beyond Grade C.

Translation Notes

1 danna … can mean a lot of things, I opted for boss here as it fits the setting perfectly.

2 exclamation of relief or disappointment, border line to a sfx but well not quite.
After receiving the request, Kelvin left the guild and went towards the store in order to get new weapons and armor.

As he had saved up a few funds from doing Rank E requests as is, it ended up this way. He wanted to keep his promise to Angie-san.

He sold the wood rod and instead got a new green wand. The same happened to his old armor, he replaced his travelers equipment with a magic robe.

His new wand had a good affinity with green magic, so he anticipated to receive a magic boost from it.

“For the time being I am paying attention to the three guys with [Presence Perception]. But it’s strange that they didn’t start it inside the town.” (Kelvin)

『Because there are too many risks involved, you know. I think they will try to attack us in the dungeon.』 (Merufina)

[Presence Perception] is a skill that lets me vaguely feel the presence of living things in my direct surroundings.

However, if you have once identified and remembered someone’s signature, it became also possible to track their whereabouts and be aware of their situation, if you paid attention to it.

Acquiring this skill is a good countermeasure against [Spy]. It was an unexpected gain.

I had been aware of the fact that his comrades were in the adventurer’s bar beforehand.

After all I had checked the statuses of every adventurer in there using my [Eyes of Identification] in advance.

In the case it was a dangerous person I remembered their status and face in order to work out a plan for countermeasures if necessary.

Among those there were some especially dangerous individuals. Those guys were Gimul and Raji, who drank sake everyday in the bar.

Both, their levels and statuses, were far superior to the other adventurers.

And, the deciding factor was that both had the same kind of title as in Cashel’s case.

Gimul’s was Villain and Raji’s was Multicide.1

Because those two were everyday sitting together gulping down sake, I was looking out for them even if it was something unpleasant to do.

『Incidentally, when Cashel came calling out to us, those two were the quickest to notice it.』 (Merufina)

“Ah, especially Gimul, because he has Grade C [Eyes of Identification]. It’s a good thing that I raised [Hide] early on.” (Kelvin)

At the time I finished the request on the first day, I was quite intent on obtaining that skill.

If I had been just a bit slower, it might have lead to a serious disadvantage now.

However, I didn’t expect another guy who had [Eyes of Identification] besides me to join in either.

It was a riddle why he had stayed idle without saying anything.

Even if he had such a title, wouldn’t it have been in vain to try having him arrested unless he was caught red-handed?

“Looking at the extent of their statuses, it feels like Raji is a combat professional while Gimul’s duty is to supports with reconnaissance.”(Kelvin)

Gimul – 19 years old – Human – Thief

Level: 27

Title: Villain

HP: 92/92

MP: 36/36

STR: 84

STA: 81

AGI: 132

MATK: 30



LUK: 29

Skills:

Throwing (Grade E)

Eyes of Identification (Grade C)

Hide Detection (Grade C)

Skill points: 6

Raji – 33 years old – Human – Berserker

Level: 36

Title: Multicide

HP: 370/370

MP: 0/0

STR: 230 <+40>

STA: 169 <+40>

AGI: 37

MATK: 37

LUK: 51

Skills:



Martial Arts (Grade C)

Herculean Strength (Grade D)

Iron Wall (Grade D)

Natural Recovery (Grade F)

Skill points: 2

I see … at any rate, let’s head towards the Old Castle of Evil Spirits.

It seems those three won’t take any action until I start to make my move.

It’s not a situation where waiting for a long time will resolve it with a victory.

Traveling north across the forest where I woke up for the first time in this world, the Old Castle of Evil Spirits was a short walk ahead following an animal trail.

Just a little while ago this Rank D dungeon was an activity point for adventurers who had the necessary skills. Since the Black Soulknight appeared its popularity disappeared over night.

For that reason, I am the only person at this dungeon right now.

It seems Cashel’s party was still traveling within the forest.

“Be that as it may, not a single monster with the undead attribute came out …” (Kelvin)

I complain while using [Wind] to fly up.

『Isn’t that an attribute you are weak against, Master?』 (Merufina)

“I don’t like to look at those things.” (Kelvin)

In this dungeon there were many monsters such as zombies and spirits. Their typical appearance wasn’t very good to look at.

Mainly it was a matter of emotions though.

It’s not as bad that I am trembling, but disgusting things remain disgusting.

Maa, as I advance I will get used to this feeling, too,  and it will fade away.

Because I am also able to destroy them by myself, Clotho’s turn hasn’t come up yet.

Currently it was on standby within me.

Incidentally, after defeating several tens of zombies, I arrived before a huge door.

“… I don’t want to enter.” (Kelvin)

I felt a powerful presence behind that huge door in front of me.

“Cashel’s party … did they enter this dungeon just now? If they follow the path where I just cleared all monsters, they will arrive here in about 5 minutes.” (Kelvin)

『Their strategy is to attack Master in a pincer attack while Master is fighting the Black Soulknight?』 (Merufina)

Surveying the vicinity a bit, Kelvin pondered.

In front of the huge door there was a medium-sized room. Behind him there was nothing but the passageway he used to arrive here.

“Alright, let’s begin the preliminary arrangements.” (Kelvin)

 

 

Translation Notes

1 The original would be someone who slaughtered masses of people/ someone doing atrocities. Well I opted against Mass Murderer cause it sounded too plain! ;)
CHAPTER 10 – TRAP
After the preparations were done, I waited for a little while.

Then Cashel’s party finally arrived at the inner room I am waiting at.

“Ah, Cashel-san arrived, too, huh? Those two gentlemen over there are members of your party, right? Somehow it seems that on the other side of that huge door the Black Soulknight is laying in wait.” (Kelvin)

“Although it was a match to determine who would subjugate it first, you went through the trouble of waiting for us? Very gentlemanly, aren’t you?” (Cashel)

Did I go contrary to Cashel’s expectations? He wears a slightly surprised expression.

Just as Merufina had declared a little while ago, obviously they had planned to assault me while I was fighting the Black Soulknight. Or maybe they planned to pick the time when I was neglecting my back during the combat.

For the person who challenged them to the match himself to wait for them, they didn’t seem to have considered that possibility at all.

“It appears that the Black Soulknight is restricted as long you don’t go on the other side of the door. Because strangely it didn’t come to attack over here.” (Kelvin)

Kii….

While saying this, the door opened a little.

Through the gap in the door a giant in a daunting pose wearing a jet black full plate armor could be seen.

In his hand he held an all black bastard sword. 1

Rather than waiting for its prey to come, it was plainly obvious that it was protecting something.

“And, what? Since it is impossible for you to defeat it by yourself after all, you want to cooperate with us?!” (Raji)

Raji raised his voice.

I want him to stop because his loud voice rings in the ears in this airtight space.

“Not quite correct. Of course, I will win the match. However, if someone were to interfere in my fight with the Black Soulknight, it would be troublesome. No, maybe I should rather say I would be troubled if you were to defeat the Black Soulknight?” (Kelvin)

I stopped using keigo.2 As I returned to using casual speech, the three people slowly began to enter combat stances.

Cashel and Raji advanced as vanguards while Gimul fell back to the rear.

“… Danna, this bastard already knew about us ssu~” (Gimul)

“Fuu, noticing it and yet still approaching us solo, not even comprehending the significance of that. Were you employed by the guild? Or, are you aiming for Raji’s3bounty?” (Cashel)

“Oh no, I am just concerned about the match. To begin with, the first ones to come charging are you guys, don’t you agree?” (Kelvin)

“Even then, you lured us her for the purpose of trapping us, no? The reason for you pretending to be a rookie was to gain so many achievements and to get us interested in your case.” (Cashel)

“You, what a guy … Indeed! Your skill rank is bound to be high!” (Raji)

Somehow they deepened their misunderstanding of the conversation … it must be because the skill is high!

『The situation isn’t bad. Please go ahead and make some sort of decision.』(Merufina)

hei hei 4

“Maa, either of them is fine. Although you planned to let me walk into your trap, it is you guys who walked into my trap. It’s merely such a story.” (Kelvin)

“Hehe, newcomer-danna, if you are going to pick a place, isn’t this a slightly poor location? There is nothing but the entrance and exit in the back and behind this huge door there is the Black Soulknight. On top of that, the situation at this moment is 3 versus 1. That’s plenty disadvantageous, no?” (Raji)

Ah, that’s right.

As it is right now, that is, but …

“Isn’t it enough of this tedious talk? You are merely scared, the huge oaf over there, hurry up and start the fight.” (Kelvin)

“Who is scared in this case, eh !? Lowly people such as magicians are just talking big lies! So, bye bye!” (Raji)

Raji heads in a straight line for me.

Just as I thought, he was provoked with the cheap provocations.

Obvious as daylight, a simple-minded person.

“Raji! Don’t get provoked!” (Cashel)



Cashel yelled right away, but it was too late.

The magic I prepared in advanced began its invocation.

“Uo !?” (Raji)

Up until just now the ground was empty, but suddenly it changed into a swamp restricting Raji’s legs.

“You son of a bitch! What have you done?!” (Raji)

“Well, I am sure you want to know what the hell I have done.” (Kelvin)

There is no need to go “What!” He was welcomed by the Grade D green magic [Fetters of quagmire – Mud Bind] which was concealed with [Hide].

This magic changes the foothold to a bottomless quagmire snatching away the mobility of your opponent.

Strictly speaking, the grounds surface changed into a quagmire merely below the target. Thus there are many situations where it ends up being exposed, for example if the one in duty of support in a party used magic. The concealment this time wasn’t seen through and because of his ego he went straight into the trap by his own accord.

“This is … [Hide]?” (Cashel)

“Ah, it wasn’t caught by my [Hide Detection] either ssu~” (Gimul)

Maa, with the degree of Grade C it only has a slim chance to be seen through.

Considering this, [Hide] is a quite decent skill actually.

“Shit, such a degree of quagmire. Having my physical strength …!” (Raji)

“You better don’t try to move by force. After all it is bottomless.” (Kelvin)

While giving this advice, I shot [Wind] at each of the three people.

Cashel advanced while avoiding it. He headed towards me as he made a detour around the quagmire.

Although Raji was hit, he strangely didn’t receive any damage.



Gimul was …

“Oi, Gimul, you bastard, don’t just run away!” (Raji)

“Hehe, don’t hate me danna, Raji, before I am crushed to death it’s easier to leave. That newcomer-san is bad news. That’s what my instinct tells me ssu~ . So long!” (Gimul)

『Master, Gimul has begun to escape. Cashel will reach you in about 10 seconds.』(Merufina)

I know.

Even so, I had expected this to happen.

“Block the passage, Clotho” (Kelvin)

My magic range extends from this room until the passageway.

Therefore it is possible to summon Clotho in the back of Cashel’s party.

“Wh-What did you do!?” (Gimul)

Casting its light. the magic square was instantly deployed at the entrance to the passageway.

Being on guard, Gimul stopped.

As the light faded, Gimul saw the slime which wasn’t there before.

Having the same degree of height as Raji, it was an enormous slime.

Clotho – 0 years old – Gender: none – Slime Gluttonia (T/N: >> Gurantonia <<)

Level: 12

Title: The one who eats until exhaustion

HP: 465/465 <+100>

MP: 176/176 <+100>

STR: 223 <+100>

STA: 231 <+100>

AGI: 196 <+100>

MATK: 180 <+100>

LUK: 191 <+100>

Skills:

Overeating (Unique Skill) (T/N: !!!!!!!!!! Are you a frigging spider? xD)

Absorption (Grade D)

Storage (Grade B)

Stun Reduction by half

Buffs: Summoning Technique / Mana Supply (Grade S)

Skill points: 50

Translation Notes

1 Taiken … can also mean large sword and long sword so could be a broadsword or a bastard sword as well. I went with bastard sword for this one.

2 Polite speech

3 The author wrote Raji’s group here, but as far as I know neither Cashel nor Gimul got bounties on their heads, so I went with singular here.

4 yea yea
CHAPTER 11 – SLIME GLUTTONIA
 

Just a few days ago Clotho evolved into a different slime.

As usual we took a subjugation request, obviously.

It happened when Clotho was absorbing the monster he had defeated.

“Well then, with this today’s request is finished successfully, too … Clotho, oi, what’s wrong?” (Kelvin)

Clotho had abruptly stopped moving.

Its slime body entered a state of continuous trembling *puru puru*. Even calling out to it, didn’t cause it to move at all.

Additionally, using the communication network didn’t yield any results either as it didn’t react to anything.

“Are you alright, Clotho !?” (Kelvin)

『Master, Clotho has started to evolve.』 (Merufina)

“Evolution … the thing you talked about before?” (Kelvin)

『Yes. Although I don’t understand what has become the trigger for it yet. Let’s watch the situation for now.』 (Merufina)

Merufina is correct. I will also watch it.

Honestly, I am terribly worried and the suspense is killing me.

『It should be anytime now.』 (Merufina)

As Merufina said so, Clotho’s body began to radiate a bright light.

The light settled down and Clotho’s body became visible … Are, what’s up with this kind of body size …

“C-Cl-Clotho, you became quite huge …” (Kelvin)

Previously Clotho’s height approximately reached to my knee, but now it easily exceeds my full stature because of its growth.

Even if it was called a growth period, there should be a limit to it, I would think.

『… Slime Gluttonia』 (Merufina)

“That’s the species Clotho evolved into?” (Kelvin)

Remembering it, I used my [Eyes of Identification] to retrieve Clotho’s status.

“Incredible, all statuses across the board were risen, weren’t they? … This [Overeating] skill, although it is called an unique skill, what’s the difference to the regular skills?” (Kelvin)

『Every race has an unique skill. Or a chosen original skill which is only owned by the individual. Contrary to a regular skill, those skills manifest a powerful effect. The new [Overeating] skill Clotho has just acquired apparently is a skill that allows it to eat a portion of its target’s status to absorb it into it’s own status.』 (Merufina)

Then in such a situation, wouldn’t it become absurdly powerful in proportion to eating without limit?

Up until now, Clotho has absorbed all the monsters we defeated for the subjugation requests. That would result in its status to raise each time it has absorbed a monster.

In theory it’s the advent of the strongest Clotho!

『This time Clotho has evolved into the species1 “Slime Gluttonia.” A monster that appeared several hundred years ago in the Water nation Toularge (T/N: >> Toraji <<). Although Clotho is still very young, the monster that appeared at Toularge was an adult. Toularge was a magic nation having dozens of court magicians specialized in Blue magic. No matter what grand magic was used, the Slime Gluttonia ate it all in order to extinguish it. Toularge was driven to partial destruction just before a hero incidentally appeared who defeated the slime.』 (Merufina)

It seems as if Clotho is a Maou … also, Heroes exist here after all.

『In reality, Slime Gluttonia’s are passed on as semi-Maou class in history records. As for the case of heroes, they exist in this age as well. Given that they were transferred to this world just a while ago.』 (Merufina)

“… Hai? 2 ” (kelvin)



『Because the priestess of the Divine Empire Delamis (T/N: >> Deramisu <<) performed the ceremony of Otherworld Summoning. Doesn’t it feel like it would be currently a good time to do so? It’s difficult to gather good looking men and women.』 (Merufina)

“You, such a dreadful way to gloss over the main point without any hesitation … Maa, going with the flow, is there some kind of template of the Maou revival?” (Kelvin)

『Something along those lines. Master, please be relieved as these affairs have absolutely no relation to you. Because I am tired of such events as well, it’s better to not be involved with them, please.』 (Merufina)

“Ah, I see …” (Kelvin)

We will wait-and-see if I am not related to this.

The situation with Clotho is more important now.

There will be a celebration today!

◆◇◆◇◆

“W-Wh-What’s this slime? … I don’t know this species ssu~ !” (Gimul)

Clotho appeared in front of his eyes, throwing Gimul into extreme confusion.

Even so, that was only natural, as he used his [Eyes of Identification] to see the status of Clotho.

An unknown species boasting status values far above his own with an unique skill in spite of its low level … furthermore buffed with something like the Summoning Technique.

Without sufficiently grasping what he was seeing, he ended up in total confusion.

“Oi, Gimul, what’s wrong! What’s with this slime!?” (Raji)

“Gimul, fall back! You are too close to the monster!” (Cashel)

Cashel had stopped. Raji raised his voice while struggling with the quagmire. Gimul couldn’t stop his trembling.

“Clotho, do it” (Kelvin)



While paying attention to Cashel, I give Clotho the order.

Clotho transformed a part of his body into a whip and attacked Gimul.

Naturally, Gimul wasn’t able to react.

“Gu … Ha …” (Gimul)

His body received Clotho’s attack. It blew him away until he hit the wall.

He was only breathing faintly already.

“Maa, with an endurance of 81 that should be expected.” (Kelvin)

“You, even [Eyes of Identification] too …” (Cashel)

Cashel turned to me as he prepared his sword.

“Oi oi, your expression is changing for the worse, Cashel-senpai.” (Kelvin)

“Gu …” (Raji)

For a brief moment a loud sound reverberated.

It was Raji.

“Uoooo! <Furious Fist of Ogre’s Wrath3 > ooooo !” (Raji)

A red aura was wrapped around Raji’s fist as he stroke the quagmire.

The swamp swallowing him up to his knees evaporated.

In Raji’s eyes Clotho was reflected. He was laughing happily just like a child.

“Cashe~~~l! I will keep this slime company! You can do something about the man!” (Raji)

“… Considering your muscle-brain, it is an appropriate decision. I will manage somehow.” (Cashel)

Tsk, Cashel has regained his calm, huh?

That Raji is a battle maniac with a haphazard behaviour. It seems that this time it took a troublesome direction.

『You were a little too self-conceited. You should have finished him off while he was bound by the quagmire.』 (Merufina)

Ah, that’s my miss.

If you seal someone, then seal them completely. If you do someone in, then do them in completely.

After acquiring the [Courage] skill, I thought it would be fine, but I guess there is still some hesitation.

It is necessary to reflect on this.

“Fuu, then, it’s time to redeem myself, huh?” (Kelvin)

“What’s the problem? It may be difficult, but will you let me receive your full power? Rookie-san.” (Cashel)

“Ah, I’d like to do that but that would be troublesome, too. I will allow you practice with a partner of higher skill, Cashel-senpai” (Kelvin) (T/N: *fufufu*)

Translation Notes

1 Merufina calls it a species/race/family … but to me it sounds more like a subspecies. I will leave the sub- away for the moment even though I find it a bit odd.

2 Usually it would be “Yes?” but in English “What?” would fit much better, so I left the original.

3 怒鬼烈拳 … for those interested.
CHAPTER 12 – CONCLUSION
“Seii! <Furious Kick of Ogre’s Wrath> uuu !!!” (Raji)

Raji clad his right leg in red aura and attacked Clotho with a roundhouse kick using his entire body’s force.

It was a serious attack of a Rank B adventurer possessing true strength having enough power to blow a hole into the castle’s walls.

The pressure exerted resembled the power used to break Kelvin’s bottomless swamp he had conjured with Mud Bind.

It seems he learned this skill as an adventurer. Taking it on from the front would lead to an instant death with little chance to escape that fate.

Thinking of it as he had forged his [Martial Art] skill in his time as a mercenary, you could only call it a finishing move.

*poyon* …

The power of that finishing move struck Clotho’s body while giving off a stupid sound at the same time. It ended up being completely absorbed.

It was the effect of the skill [Stun Reduction by Half] Clotho possessed.

Thus, Raji’s compatibility towards Clotho was overwhelmingly bad.

“You shitty eyeball ! What’s this slime’s body made of !? My technique had no effect at all !” (Raji)

If Gimul had told Raji about Clotho’s status he had read by using [Eyes of Identification], he would have known about the reason for that.

Now there was no way for him to be aware of it though.

From the start Raji wasn’t someone who was overly knowledgeable about the details of skills.

“Gu, not yet !” (Raji)

Just like Clotho dealt with Gimul, it transformed a part of its body into a whip and began to attack Raji.

However, the number of whips had increased to 4.

The attacks approached Raji from all four directions. Focusing on defense, Raji’s somehow managed to endure the current situation by parrying the attacks.

The choice to avoid them didn’t even exist.

Clotho also rivaled Raji in physical strength and endurance. However, there was a hopeless difference in speed.

Consequently, there was nothing but Raji’s situation getting gradually worse and worse.

While being agitated, Raji suddenly threw himself on the ground in order to get out of the range of Clotho’s body whips.

Raju retreated from that body in the opposite direction.

“… What will you do now?” (Raji)

Following his line of sight, there was a quagmire ahead.

Incidentally comparing it to the size of Raji, it was very small.

Clotho absorbed the quagmire Kelvin had created with magic earlier.

—– In that case, Clotho transform the [Fetters of Quagmire – Mud Bind] that was torn earlier into nourishment for yourself.

Clotho faithfully followed Kelvin’s order and absorbed the magic power of Mud Bind.

The tiny damage it had received was completely healed. The excess magic power was stored away in [Storage].

Besides storing magic power this skill [Storage] was able to hold onto items, weapons and armor, so to speak it was an Item Box.

Furthermore it was possible for Clotho to store a part of its body in it to adjust the size of its own body in such manner.

“You, your power has also increased !?” (Raji)

The attacks of the whips further gained in strength. At last Raji became unable to move his body.

By now Raji was in a condition of being barely alive.

Seeing this chance, Clotho used its whips to entwine the limbs of Raji and thus sealed his movement.

It jumped up in a big way as is.

“I, I give uuuuuuuuup !!!” (Raji)

The large body crashed onto Raji.

Taking the full brunt Raji’s HP dropped to 0. Without care Clotho began to devour him … (T/N: *fufufufu*)

 

◆◇◆◇◆

 

Cashel brandished his beloved sword and casted the Grade E White magic [Auspicious(TN: >> Osupishasu <<) Luck ] 1 on himself.

This magic granted the target automatic recovery and added a weak <Luck Up>.

It was in order to increase the advantage in combat even if it was just a little. It was a popular tactic to use magic to apply strengthening to oneself.

In fact, Kelvin finished casting the Grade D Green magic [Wind Speed – Sonic Boots] on himself increasing his agility.

For adventurers having a limit on available skill points, they tended to focus on improving one skill.

Rather than obtaining a great number of Grade F skills, there also were a lot more benefits in the method of having one superior skill.

There were some people obtaining nothing but Grade F skills as well, but in reality there was a limit to how many skills you were able to possess.

That limit differed for each person, some could have 10 while others were able to have 20, too.

However, it was practically impossible to know the limit without actually testing it out.



Cashel was what the society would call a pretending prodigy considering the upper limit of the skill points he had earned.

But, he was still doing quite well as he had ranked up to Rank B.

That was the extent of his talent. However, he wasn’t able to breach the wall called Rank A.

He single-mindedly focused on leveling his [Sword Mastery] up until now, after having recently racked his brains about what to do.

Thinking about it, he might also have reached the title “Murderer” by aiming to gain vast amounts of experience.

This time he had planned to kill Gimul and Raji as well. Most likely that was the main reason for doing it.

Of course, because of Kelvin all his plans would come to nothing in the end.

“You are a monster trainer … no, a summoner, right?” (Cashel)

“… Ah, that’s right” (Kelvin)

“Hahaha, I have been an adventurer for a long time, but this is the first time I see one myself. That’s the summoning technique, huh? I see, it’s a powerful skill.” (Cashel)

Cashel nodded as if he was agreeing to something.

“If that’s the case, my level will increase some more if I defeat you, who holds this skill.” (Cashel)

“You, have you been murdering all this time for such a reason?” (Kelvin)

“It’s a cruel method, isn’t it? Killing people gives you a lot more experience than defeating monsters. And if it is a high level adventurer even more so.” (Cashel)

“You, aren’t you actually avoiding fighting those who are stronger than you?” (Kelvin)

“… What was that?” (Cashel)

The facial expression of Cashel, who was smiling up until now, became clouded.

“Didn’t you remain as a Rank D adventurer because you were scared of monsters that are stronger than you? Didn’t you only target rookie-adventurers because you were trembling in fear facing people who are stronger than you?” (Kelvin)

“D-Do-Don’t s-spout such f-fo-foolishness! For me such …” (Cashel)

“Maa, it seems you are not aware of it yourself. But I can’t accept that there are victims because of you.” (Kelvin)

Kelvin raised his wand.

“I am burning to win over those who are stronger than me. Won’t I stay a weakling forever, if I can’t do this much?” (Kelvin) 2

“Shut up! I’m not in denial! Aaaahh !!!” (Cashel)

Has he lost his cool? Cashel charged ahead with all his might.

He is trying to make up his naivety with guts.

He slipped right under Kelvin’s nose swiftly like the wind getting as close as point blank.



“Show me if you can dodge this! <Swift Sword of the Mist> 3 !” (Cashel)

Cashel used his secret skill <Swift Sword of the Mist>.

The sword disappeared and furthermore the sword assaulted Kelvin in an instant. Cashel himself switched into his [Spy] state in order to hit the target hidden next to it. At least, it was supposed to happen like this.

“Barrier … is it!?” (Cashel)

Before Cashel could swing down his sword, a huge, seriously strong barrier appeared reaching all the way to the high ceiling of the inner room.

It was the Rank C Green magic [Absolute Castle Wall of the Precipice 4 – Ground Rampart (T/N: >> Asuranpato <<)] belonging to the top-ranking defensive magic types.

As its durability exceeded a weaker castle wall, Cashel’s sword strike ended up losing all its meaning.

“This, it’s just like an earth wall!” (Cashel)

“Thanks to this wall you lost sight of me though.” (Kelvin)

“You …” (Cashel)

After Kelvin cast [Absolute Castle Wall of the Precipice – Ground Rampart], it was already too late for Cashel to come over from his side to Kelvin’s side.

While Cashel’s attention was bound to the wall in front of him, Kelvin used [Wind Speed – Sonic Boots] to boost his agility reaching a terrifying level of speed.

It wasn’t possible to perceive his movements anymore either.

“… the heck, you …” (Cashel)

Cashel eagerly turned around.

The last thing he saw was the tempest bastard sword — imitating its shape was the wand clad in surging winds.

With one swing of the sword Cashel was cut into two alongside the [Absolute Castle Wall of the Precipice – Ground Rampart].

Choosing the Grade A Green magic [Supreme Sword of the Insane Whirlwind 5 – Vortex Edge] spelled the end of the fight.

“Un, after all the sword of an amateur is no good. It looks like I have to get the [Sword Mastery] skill, huh?” (Kelvin)

That voice was the only sound left remaining.

 

 

 

Kelvin – 23 years old – male – Human – Summoner

Level: 17

Title: none

HP: 175/175

MP: 350/350 <-100 at the time Clotho is summoned, Merufina?>

STR: 38

STA: 39

AGI: 106

MATK: 172

LUK: 140

Skills:

Summoning (Grade S) Open Slots: 8

Eyes of Identification (Grade S)

Green Magic (Grade A)

Presence Perception (Grade D)

Hide (Grade B)

Courage (Grade C)

Army Commander (Grade B)

Growth rate x2

Skill points x2

Experience sharing

 

 

Translation Notes

1 No idea how to smartly spell it any other way. I split the katakana, got the spelling of the various parts and combined them again.

2 Kelvin expresses what he assesses Cashel to be thinking.

3 霞迅剣 for those wanting to know.

4 絶崖城壁 for those having a better idea.

5 狂飆の覇剣
第１３話　黒霊騎士
Chapter 13 Black Soul Knight

カシェルとの戦闘を終え、俺はクロトと合流した。
After finishing the battle with Cashel, I joined Clotho.

「クロトも無事のようだな」
“Clotho seems to be safe”

三人組の最後の一人であるギムルの倒れる場所へ進む。既にギムルは息絶えたようだ。
I advance to the place where Gimuru which is last one of group of 3 falls down to. Gimuru seemed to already cease to breathe.

「めぼしい物は…… カシェルの剣くらいか。クロト、死体を吸収してくれ。あと、ＭＰ回復薬も出してくれ」
“The valuable thing…… the sword of Cashel? Clotho, absorb the corpse. And take out also an MP recovery potion.

鑑定すると、カシェルの剣はＣ級武器“ミスリルソード”だと判った。特殊な効果はないが、攻撃力が高く結構良い剣のようだ。クロトに保管しておいてもらおう。ちなみに俺が装備している深緑の杖とマジックローブはＥ級だ。低級依頼を10回達成したところで、高級品を買える訳がないのだ。
When appraised, it has been understood, the sword of Cashel is class C weapon “[Mithril Sword]”. Though there is no special effect, the offensive power of the sword is high and considerably good. I will have Clotho keep it. By the way magic robe and cane of jade that I is equipped is class E. In the place where a low request was achieved ten times, there is no reason that can buy quality goods(TLN:doesn’t makes much sense for me).

クロトがカシェルとギムルの亡骸を吸収している間に、クロトの保管に入れていた回復薬を飲んでＭＰを回復させる。カシェルとの戦いは結果を見れば圧勝であったが、実の所それほど余裕はなかった。煽りに煽って激昂させもしたが、ステータス面で負ける部分も多く、スキルに頼った戦い方になってしまった。
While Clotho has absorbed remains of Cashel and Gimuru, MP is recovered taking the recovery potion put in Clotho’s storage. Although the fight against Cashel was overwhelming victory and if you look at the results, actually there is no room to spare. Though it fuels and it boiled to the fuel, The part defeated on the status side is many, too, It has become how that relies on the skill to fight(TLN:I don’t get this).

『カシェルに色々仰っていましたが、あなた様もそれほど強者と戦ったことありませんよね？』
“I have various things to say to Cashel, you have not fought against a strong man that much too?”

「これから戦う予定なんですよー」
“I am going to fight from now on”

そう、ここまでは前哨戦。これからが本番だ。扉の隙間から鑑定眼で確認したが、これから戦う悪霊の古城のボス・黒霊騎士は俺達よりも格上のモンスターだ。
So, even here is a skirmish. I confirmed it with appraisal from the gap of the door, after this I have to fight the old castle of evil spirit’s black soul knight – a monster that is higher rank than us.

＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝
ジェラール　138歳　男　黒霊騎士長　暗黒騎士
Gerard – 138 years old – Male – black soul knight chief – Dark knight
レベル：53
Level: 53
称号　：憂国の守護者
Title: Guardian of Patriotism
ＨＰ　：647/647
ＭＰ　：162/162
筋力(Physical Strength)　：478（+160）
耐久(Endurance)　：490（+160）
敏捷(Agility)　：163
魔力(Magic Power)　：112
幸運(Luck)　：97
スキル：忠誠（固有スキル）
Skills: Loyalty (inherent skill)
剣術（Ａ級） Fencing (Class A)
剛力（Ｂ級） Herculean strength (Class B)
鉄壁（Ｂ級） Impregnable guard (Class B)
心眼（Ｃ級） The mind’s eye (Class C)
軍団指揮（Ｂ級） Army corps command(B class)



闇属性半減 Darkness attribute reduction by half
スキルポイント (Skill points)：178
＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝

「何というか、すごく仲間にしたいな！」
“What do you say, I want to make a friend very much!”
『緊張感の欠片もありませんね』
“There is not the fragment of the feeling of strain, too”

メルフィーナのツッコミはさて置き、今回の相手はネームドモンスター。名前持ちだ。事前に調査した情報によると、ネームドモンスターは知性があり、人語を話す個体もいると言う。代表的なのはドラゴン種だ。他にも人型は高確率で話すって書いてあったっけな。
Let’s leave Tsukkomi of Merufi-na, the other party is a named monster. It is name durability(TLN: Gerard?). According to the information that I investigated beforehand, named monsters are intelligent, it is said that there is an individual that speaks the human speech, too. The typical one is the dragon kind. It is also written that humanoids have high probability to speak.

『知性あるモンスターとの契約は一筋縄ではありません。弱らせるだけでなく、あなた様を認めさせなければなりません』
“Contract with the intelligent monster is not tricky. Only not weakening, but also recognize you”

認めさせる、か。一概に戦って勝利だけでは済みそうにないな。
I need to be recognized? A war does not seem to get off only with victory unconditionally(TLN: even if he won by any means, something like that).

『調教師にも言えることですが、レベルの低いモンスターを育て、進化させるのが一般的です。いきなりボスを配下にしようとする者はいません』
“It is normal to trainers to raise low-ranked monster. Suddenly trying to make a boss into a subordinate.”
「クロトをブルースライムから進化させるのと同じか」
“Is it the same as evolve Clotho from the blue slime?”
『クロトの進化は異例なのですが…… その認識でよろしいかと』
“The evolution of Clotho is exceptional … … Is it all right by the recognition?”



「まあ、無理かどうかはやってみないと分からんよ」
“Well, we won’t know wether if it will work if we don’t try”
クロトに向き直る。
I turn toward Clotho.

「クロト、黒霊騎士は俺にとって、お前にとっても初めての強敵だ。出し惜しみはするな」
“Clotho, the black soul knight for me, is the first powerful enemy for you. Do not be stingy.” (TLN: sounds like don’t hold back or something)

俺とクロトに強化魔法を重ね掛けする。俺の魔力の高さなら暫くは効果が続くだろう。それが終われば準備万端だ。クロトを背後に控えさせ、大扉を開いていく。黒霊騎士は先程と全く同じ装いだ。漆黒の大剣を地面に突き刺し、後方にある王座を護る様に仁王立ち。揺らがないその様は、モンスターではなく本物の騎士のようだ。
I piled up reinforcement magic to me and Clotho. With my high level of magical power the effect might last a little bit longer. If it is over; completely. I let Clotho wait in the rear and open the large door. Black soul knight’s attire is exactly the same as earlier. A large sword of the jet black is thrust into ground, and in imposing stance as protecting the throne at the back(I didn’t get this part). The state not to shake is like the genuine knight not a monster.

黒霊騎士を見据えながら、王座へとゆっくりと歩いて行く。ちょうど部屋の半ばまで来た辺りで、渋い声が響いた。
I walk to throne slowly while staring on the black soul knight. In the area where I came to until the middle of the room, a quiet voice just sounded.

「何用だ」
“State your business” (TLN: more of “why are you here?”)

意外にもダンディーな声で少し驚いた。胆力のスキルがなければ顔に出ていたかもしれない。
I was surprised at an unexpectedly dandy voice a little. It might be reflected on a face without my skill of the courage.

「やっと喋ってくれたか。ここまで歩いてくるまで微動だにしないから心配したぞ」
“Did you finally talk? I was worried because you didn’t moved until I walked”
「いらぬ世話だ。城の最奥までやって来て迷子ということはあるまい、何用だ」
“Unnecessary care. A lost child came in the deepest part of the castle, state your business”
「お前を討伐に…… ってのが最初の目的だったんだが、気が変わったんだ。俺は召喚士のケルヴィン、お前と契約したい」
“For your subjugation… is what supposed to be my purpose but I changed my mind. I am summoner Kelvin, want to make contract with you.”

黒霊騎士が一瞬固まる。
The black soul knight hardens for an instant. (TLN: stiffen?)

「……貴様が我と契約、従わせるというのか」
“…you bastard want me to have contract with and follow you?”
「そうだ」
“It is so. ”
「ク……」
“Ku…”

あ、やべ。黒霊騎士が体を小刻みに震わせている。怒らせてしまったか？
Ah, yabe. The black soul knight shakes a body little by little. Have I angered him?

「ク、ククク……　ガァーハッハッハッハ！！」
“Ku, Kukuku……　 Gaa;-hahhahhahha.!”

突然、黒霊騎士はそれまでのイメージと一変して、これまで溜めん込んでいたものを全て吐き出すかのように笑い出した。当然、内心俺はポカンとしている。
Suddenly, The black soul knight changed completely with a previous image and burst into laughter as if I discharged all the crowded things not to save until now. Naturally I am dumbfounded in my mind.

「止めだ止めた、こんな堅苦しい話し方。それにしても小僧、これだけワシが殺気を向けていたというのに、平気な面をしよってからに！ 更には契約しろだと、面白すぎるぞ貴様！」
“Stop, stop it, such a formal speech. However boy/youngster, even though too much bloodlust was directed to you, you remained calm! You want to form a contract, you’re really interesting.”

ビシっと指を差すな指を。誇り高い騎士のイメージは最早吹き飛んでしまった。
In a finger snap. The proud knight’s image vanished.

How did this happen? Now I’m sitting in front of the Black Soul Knight, having a friendly conversation. Even though I’m saying friendly chat, the Black Soul Knight is the only one talking.

 

“ As a matter of fact my ego as a monster was born just recently. well what, I originally used to serve the country as a Chief knight , In short I used to be a human. why is that i became a monster ? well , I wonder why , I do not understand it as well but maybe because of the lingering regrets in this world! what kind of regret i do not know as well! Anyhow from that moment i was protecting this castle. Nevertheless , That slime is unusual , what kind of race is that from ? no no , If it’s a secret there is no need to force yourself to speak . Everyone has one or two secrets , By the way want to eat candy? ”

{TLN :- I wanna beat this author now =.=”}

 

In such mood conversation continued. Completely like a pleasant uncle in the neighbourhood. Oi, When is this candy from, it’s melting and swollen!

 

“ Please do not eat while saying so ”

“ Ehh… Are you really going to eat that? even i back down ”

“ yosh , I will leave some for you ”

{TLN :- These lines are hard to TL and distinguish T_T}

 

I am somewhat tired……The only serious one was kroto , While remaining vigilant of black soul knight , waiting across me

 

“ That slime is eating the candy like it is nothing. What a great fellow.”

 

“ Just as i was thinking that it was absorbing the candy from while ago. Kroto , you too?

 

“ Master, talk about contract, talk about contract ”

 

“ Ah, yes it was. So, Will you contract with me?”

 

I ask black soul knight over again, who was watching kroto sullenly.

 

“ Oh , yes such was the talk about. Recently there were numerous who would attack me immediately as the saw me . Boy you were the first one willing to comply for conversation . My tension will very well rise and conversation would also stray.”

{TLN:- it’s actually not stray it’s bouncing or springing but tell me if you prefer original rather than stray}

“ The only one straying is you….. ”

“ It’s not you. It’s Gerard ”

“ Even I’m not a boy but Kelvin. The naming…… No, which ever it maybe it’s a talk, after we make a contract ”

 

Gerard Unexpecdetly got up and turned towards the throne behind



 

“ Contract? The King whom I served, and the country too, are not anymore in this age. As for serving a new master, I am not reluctant but….. ”

 

“In the story, this castle was continuously being protected . Why?”

 

The Cheerful atmosphere some time ago in a beat transformed, The place felt like it became gloomy .

 

“ The name of the perished country that i served is [Arukaru] .Though it was not big, farming made the country prosperous. The king too disliked disputes, Even if there was a war in a distant place we would always try to through by being neutral .”

 

This world has two continents the east and the west, the town of Perth that we made as our base is located at the center of the continent in the east. The castle of the evil spirit is in it’s vicinity.

 

“ As for my position , I acted as the chief of the knight order of the countryside. Even if it was a peaceful country, monsters naturally appeared. Subduing them was naturally my primary duty. we were trained to be by no means inferior to other knight orders. By any chance, In a situation where war occurred we would always be prepared.”

 

Gerard tightly clenched the black sword.

 

“At a certain day. A traveler from the west continent visited [Arukaru]. However, his true identity was a general of the empire. The name was [Jirudora]. The man who dispersed disease of death in [Arukaru].”



“ Disease of death? ”

“ The details are unknown but , Once caught your life force will gradually be lost , A terrifying Arbitrary disease that led to death in single night . The disease spread in [Arukaru] like an epidemic, the country was isolated by other countries in a few days. After several days have passed since Jirudora visited [Arukaru] at one late night , there was a person that happened to see him in the town. Probably ,That was that time he did something. ”

 

“ Wait wait, with just that why are you certain that jirudora was the one that did it? In the first place , How did they knew ? He was the general of the empire.”

 

“On the day before the disease spread, Jirudora visited this castle. From where he entered is not known . The fellow showed up suddenly in front of the king. And said this . Cooperate to overthrow the Divine Empire [Deramisu] , otherwise [Arukaru] will not have any future…..too ”

 

“ Divine Empire [Deramisu]. If I’m not mistaken it is the country where Merufina reincarnated the Hero. ”

 

“ Naturally, the king refuses…… Following rest was what i spoke earlier ”

 

Though I could not see the face across armor but , The Anger that gerard was transmitting was unbearable to say .

 

“ This is about the regret that I left in this world , to say that I don’t know is a lie. My regret is to avenge this country , If  I can clear myself from these regrets, I will become your subordinate with pleasure. ”

 

Is that your condition of approving me ? No, Wait a minute….

 

“ Wait, Gerard had died decades ago, right? As we look the state of the castle it is at least 100 years old level. Then that fellow Jirudora of the empire should not he have died of old age already ? ”

“ The fellow is an elf. The life of the elf exceeds 500 years. That bastard is not someone who would just die in only 100 years. ”

“ Elf ? Though I have not met one yet, Then that is your condition right ?.”

“ I hear that the summoning art strengthens subordinates. It is an ideal opportunity for revenge. However, I want you to show your ability.”

“ Well , it finally comes down to that.”

 

At last it typically comes down to fight and showcase your abilities .Very well, I Originally came here with that intention.

 

“ If you cannot even win against me , By no means you can oppose the empire. Without any ability, you will only be cut down by me……!”

 

Me and Gerard both mutually step backwards .

 

“ Good, I accept . Give me your all, otherwise there is no meaning! ”
Black Summoner – Chapter 15[draft]
第１５話　烈火
15 – Raging Fire

後方に引き、すぐさまクロトに意思疎通で指示を出す。
I pull backward,  and immediately gave instructions to Clotho.

「騎士なら後ろに下がるより、前に出たほうが良かったじゃないか？」
「ふん、あの位置からの戦闘ではお主が不利であろう？」
「そりゃ、どうも！」
“Rather than to fall behind the knight, better to go in front is better?”
“Fun, will master be in disadvantage in that position?”
“That is, thank you!”

風刃ウィンドの散弾型魔法である烈風刃ショットウィンドを牽制として放つ。点ではなく、面での攻撃魔法、威力はともかく回避は難しい。
I used wind blade shot a wind-type magic as feint attack. No point, on surface is attack magic, evasion is difficult aside from the power.
(TLN: close but still wrong, need translation checker here)

分裂し、数十の風の刃となった烈風刃ショットウィンドがジェラールに迫るが、ジェラールは大剣を横薙ぎに払い、風を弾け飛ばす。軌道を反らされた風は天井・壁・地面と至る所を切り裂く。
It split, the violent wind blade shot wind that became the blade of dozens of wind approaches Gerard, Gerard swing the sword to brush it off, to pop off the wind. The winds that was bent cuts ceiling, wall, ground,  and everywhere.

クロトはその隙を付き、ジェラールの斜め後方から４本の鞭を叩きつける。ラジが手も足も出せず、更にはケルヴィンの風脚ソニックブーツによる敏捷ブーストまでも付いた攻撃だ。
Clotho took that gap, Gerard tilted backwards because of merely 4 whip-attacks thrown.

「ぬん！」
「なにっ！？」
“Comin!”
“What!?”

俺は驚愕する。ジェラールはその鋭敏な攻撃の２本を受けきり、残りを左手で掴み、右足で踏み潰したのだ。クロトの筋力ではジェラールに対抗できず、拘束されてしまう。
I was amazed. Gerard is caught those 2 sharp attacks, the remaining caught by his left hand, then crushed by his right foot. Clotho’s strength can’t oppose Gerard.

こいつ、後ろにも目があるのか！？
This guy, does he have eyes behind too!?

『ジェラールは心眼のスキルを所持します。瞬間的な状況判断に補正がかかっているとお考えください』
“Gerard possesses the skill of the mind’s eye. Please think that a momentary situation assessment is corrected.”

生半可な攻撃では無意味か。厄介だな。しかし、このままではクロトが危険だ。クロト、奴との間に絶崖城壁アースランパートを出すぞ！
So half-ass attacks are meaningless? This is troublesome/What a pain in the ass. However, Clotho is in danger. I created a cliff castle wall Earth Rampart between Clotho and this guy.

意思疎通した直後に、クロトの目の前に絶崖城壁アースランパートを出現させる。拘束されたクロトの鞭は壁に分断されてしまうが、クロト本体のコアが無事であれば問題ない。そして―――
Immediately after communicating, a cliff castle wall Earth Rampart appeared before Clotho. The restricting whip of Clotho was divided by the wall, it is fine if the core of the main body of Clotho is safe. And—

よし、やれ！
Good, do it!

ジェラールの左手と右足に残ったクロトの体が再び動き出し、纏わり付く。一瞬、赤い光がジェラール
を包み込み、爆発した。ラジを倒したことでレベルアップしたクロトが取得したスキル『分裂』。体の一部を切り離し、己の分身として操作することができるのだ。切り離したクロトの分身は、保管に貯蔵していた魔力の一部をエネルギーに爆発を引き起こす。要は自爆だ。
The  remaining body parts of Clotho in Gerard’s left hand and right foot starts to move again, and wrapped around. In an instant, a red light wraps Gerard, and exploded. The skill acquired after the extraordinary level up of Clotho by defeating Raji is [Division]. The small parts of the body that got separated, it is possible to operate it as an one’s double by yourself. The detached double of Clotho, has stored a small portion of magical power that caused the explosion. In short, self-destruction.
(TLN: took me lot of time to translate this…)

「……そのスライム、随分と多芸じゃな。掴んでいた際も随時ワシの魔力を吸い取っておった。そしてこの自爆、近づき難いのう」
“….that slime, surprising and versatile isn’t it? When I was also grabbed, my magical energy was sucked occasionally. And now this self-destruct, it is unapproachable.”
(TLN: then he’s still alive?)

ジェラールは悪態をつくが、その素顔の見えない表情はどこか嬉しそうに見える。漆黒の篭手はクロトの爆発の威力で少々歪になったが、まだ剣を振るには影響はない程度だ。
Though Gerard curses, that honest facial expression looks delighted. Though the jet black gauntlet was distorted a little from the power of Clotho’s explotion, it’s still a degree is not affected in shake the sword.
(TLN: my hardships(to translate that) is useless)

「どれ、面白いもんを見せてくれた礼だ。ワシも剣技を披露するとしよう」



“Which, interesting that requires to show a bow of gratitude. I also have to demonstrate my sword skills.”
(TLN: uh-oh!)
大剣を上段に構えたジェラールは俺に向って振り下ろす。
The large sword from overhead position of Gerard who took a stance was swing down towards me.

おいおい、あの身の丈程もある大剣の剣筋が見えなかったぞ……！
Oi oi, that body-length as well as large sword’s sword-talent can be seen….!
(TLN: sure this is wrong but maybe it is quite closer, need help!)

『全力で横にお跳びください！』
“Please jump sideways with all your power!”

これまでに無いほど焦ったメルフィーナの声を聞き、俺は即座に横に跳躍する。跳んだ直後、ズドンッ、と鋭い音が鳴り響いた。
The voice of Melfina that non-existent until now was heard in a hurry, I jumped sideways immediately. Soon after jumping, ZUDON(sfx), and a sharp sound reverberated.

「マジかよ……！」
“Are you SERIOUS?……!”

それまで俺が立っていた場所が真っ二つに斬られたのだ。ジェラールの奴、斬撃を飛ばしてきやがった！
The place I was standing before was cut in two. This Gerard guy, hurling attack!
(TLN: need help here too)

「―――！！！ 初見で空顎アギトを避けるとはな、楽しませてくれる！」
「不可視でこの速さか、悪い冗談だ」
“Avoiding Agito at point blank at first sight, I was delighted.”
“Is this invisibility is because of the speed?”

メルフィーナの咄嗟の助言で助かったが、あのまま動かなければ俺もあの地面と同じようになっていただろう。すまない、メルフィーナ。
Melfina’s sudden suggestion saved me, I would end up just like that ground if it didn’t worked. Sorry, Melfina.



ジェラールが次の手を打つ前に、地表亀裂クレフトカズムを唱える。床がジェラールの足元を中心に亀裂が走り、次の瞬間大地が裂け、崩れていく。流石のジェラールも、大地が変動すれば体勢を崩す。されど、その兜の隙間から覗かせる鋭い眼光はケルヴィンを捉えている。
Before Gerard takes his next step, the ground surface crack “kurefutokazumu”(TLN: WTF is this?) was chanted. The floor under Gerard’s feet have cracks run, in the next moment the ground should burst open, go collapse. Even Gerard also, the change in the ground destroyed his stance. However, that crack in the helmet showed a sharp gaze that caught Kelvin.

体勢を崩しながらも、ジェラールは見えない斬撃を再び放つ。ケルヴィンではなく、壁の奥にいるであろうクロトに向けて。
Though the stance was destroyed, Gerard looks like did do an slashing attack again. Rather than Kelvin, it is aiming at Clotho who is inside the wall.

チッ、あの不安定な足場でも御構い無しかよ。
Tch, that unstable foothold was disregarded too.

絶崖城壁アースランパートをもろともせず、斬撃は壁を通過し、奥の壁まで達した。
The cliff wall earth rampart became brittle, a slashing attack passed through the wall, the interior of the wall was reached.

「ぬっ、スライムの姿がないだと！？」
“Nuh, the figure of the slime can’t be seen here!?”

その言葉を発すると同時に、崩れた地表から突如剣が現れ、ジェラールの腹部目掛けて刺突が放たれる。その剣はカシェルの愛剣であったミスリルソードであった。スライムの軟体で裂けた地面を突き進んだクロトが保管から取り出し放ったのだ。
At the same time as the words were uttered, a sword appeared suddenly from the collapsed ground surface, Gerard’s abdomen was hit by a thrust. That sword was used to be Cashel’s beloved mythril sword. The charging Clotho burst out from the ground who took it out and hit.

「ぐ……」
“Guh…..”

心眼持ちのジェラールも、視覚外かつ予想外であるこの攻撃には対応できずに負傷してしまう。更に、クロトは体の密度を集中させ硬質化した３本の槍の腕を撃ち放つ。
Even Gerard possess the mind’s eye, cannot react to the unexpected attack that wounded him. Furthermore, Clotho’s body density was concentrated to harden on the 3 arms that were shot.

ジェラールはこれを剣で応戦、神速の如き剣速で全てを打ち払われ、攻撃した筈のクロトが逆にダメージを負ってしまう。
Gerard fought back with his sword, with great speed of his sword rapidly repel, the owed damage to Clotho were paid back.

本当に凄いな。
Really amazing.

ケルヴィンは率直にそう思う。裏をかき、奇襲し、隙を突く。そのどれもが対応されている。
Kelvin think frankly so. To outwit, it made a surprise attack,  then pierced the gap. It can deal with anything.

だが―――
However—-

「これで詰みだ！」
“This is checkmate!”

無理な体勢で迎撃を行ったジェラールは今、完全に無防備な状態。残りの魔力全てを込め、重風圧エアプレッシャーを発動させる。
Gerard who intercepted it by an impossible body pose is now, is completely defenseless. All the remaining magic power were gathered, the heavy wind pressure was invoked.

「―――！？」
“….!?” (TLN: this part took me a while to translate :v)

垂直に落とされる空気の重圧により、ジェラールの体には何十倍もの負荷がかけられ、思うように動くことができない。ましてや、腹にミスリルソードが刺さったままの状態だ。クロトの追撃をいなしただけでも賞賛に値するだろう。
The pressure of the air dropped vertically, the load on Gerard’s body was multiplied by dozens of times, it is not possible to move as expected. Much more, it is a situation that a mithril sword was stuck in his belly. Though he deserves praise from parrying/dodging Clotho’s pursuit.

クロト、保管に回した全魔力でぶっ放せ！
Clotho, fire all the magic power you have in your storage.

クロトは地面の中で体を変化させる。その形姿はさながら口を大きく開いたドラゴンのよう。そして、クロトの持つ最大の技を放出する。
Clotho’s body change in the ground. The figure is like the dragon which, as it were, greatly opened the mouth. Thus, the biggest skill that Clotho is holding was released.

―――超魔縮光束モータリティビーム。
—Super magic shrinking beam mortality beam.
(TLN: reeks of chuni. made me cringe while translating this)

開口部から放たれたそれは、ジェラールを貫き、古城を破壊し、空の彼方へと消えていった。
It is fired-off from the opening, goes through Gerard, the old castle was destroyed, disappeared beyond the void.
Chapter 111 The match will be the day after tomorrow
Kelvin’s House / Guest Room

“I’m really sorry. My body reacted because I was suddenly attacked.”

“Ah, don’t worry… Goldiana-san.”

“You can feel free to call me Prettya-chan.”

“Well, I’ll do my best.”

On the sofa in the guest room, I faced a woman (?) She called herself an S-class adventurer. For some reason, the curly blonde-haired girl, the muscular Prettya, was attacked by the golems guarding the mansion when she was heading towards the house. Then she splendidly retaliated under the guise of self-defense. No, it’s bad that my golems misidentified her but, I can’t scold the half-destroyed golems because I’m confident that they’ll be ready for war when it approaches.

“Prettya chan was worried about Sara so she also ran with us. For some reason, the gatekeeper golems reacted…”

“I’m glad that Rion stopped on the way. Efil and Mel were about to get serious.”

It was hard to stop Efil who tried to shoot the fire God’s bow from the balcony, and Melfina, who was trying to intercept her with her spear. If Rion hadn’t broken in, it would have been worse by now. The garden could have collapsed easily.

“I’m sorry…”

“Ara, what did I do?”

I look at Efil and Melfina standing behind me. Efil was good, but the smiling Melfina definitely did it on purpose.

“Hmm… Sara-chan, there are many rivals.”

“What are you talking about?”

“Eh, don’t worry about that! Even so, Kelvin is a little different from what I imagined from Rion’s description, but … I can’t do it at all!”

“What are you talking about!?”

Hey Gerard, don’t step back from there! I’m worried!

“By the way, Kel-ni, is Sara-ne all right?”

“Oh yeah, I couldn’t help but be bothered!”

Rion and Prettya leaned forward and asked. In contrast with the cute Rion, I wanted to keep a little distance from the approaching Prettya-chan’s dark face… I was grateful that you’re worried about Sara.

” Now Ellie, our maid, is taking care of her. Please rest assured that she can use simple white magic. Now she is resting and calm.”

“Oh, that’s right. It is good …”

“Yes, I was relieved!”

Two people of different heights leaned on the sofa. I was so worried.

“Oh yeah, Rion, Alex is about to evolve. Why don’t you see it because it’s curled up in the living room?”

“Really!? I’m going for a while!”

“Don’t run in the mansion.”



“Hey, I know.”

You were about to start running.

Rion jumped off the sofa, opened the door to the hallway, and headed towards Alex. Along the way, she would have had a telepathic conversation with Alex, but she would like to witness the evolution of his buddy in person. Let’s leave Alex to Rion.

“Goldiana-san, although it’s a bit late, thank you for your helping Sara and the others.”

“No, I am the one who wants to thank you! Thanks to Sara-chan, the threat of the new dungeon has been largely eliminated, and now the guild should be disseminating information to other adventurers. And Kelvin-chan, you don’t have to behave like a stranger. It’s not your relationship with me!”

When did we get along like that? It’s good to interact with S-class adventurers, but in some other way, it’s dangerous. Gerard doesn’t go one step further.

“Then, let’s be spoiled by your words. By the way, are you my opponent on the mock battle the day after tomorrow Prettya?”

“Oh, are you worried about it? Rion-chan asked me the same question. I wonder if you are siblings.”

Well, I am curious. I’ve only met an S-class adventurer like the Beast King in Gown. Above all, it was worth the fight.
“Yeah. I’ll teach you the forms of the mock battle. First, Kelvin’s opponent is Sylvia the “Ice Princess” who was promoted to S class last year. She’s a very beautiful girl with silver hair. Well, that’s unrelated to Kelvin chan…”

Prettya saw alternating between Efil and Melfina. I better won’t look at them too much.

“Is the Ice Princess a blue wizard?”

“I haven’t seen the actual fighting, either. Normally, the guild decided two names through the mock battle during promotion, Sylvia didn’t have that. Maybe, Guild chief Rio may know that. “



“No, it’s each other who doesn’t know the other person’s information, right? Then I’ll check it out at the game.”

“Oh, brave.”

Besides, I didn’t know what would be required later if I asked Rio. Let’s save Sylvia’s ability for the enjoyment of the battle.

“Great people from all over the world will come to the mock battle. If you come into their view, you may be scouted, but there are almost no adventurers who actually receive it. As a guild, it’s completely up to the adventurer’s intention. Mm”

“I don’t feel like serving a country either. I’m telling Rio that too.”

“In that case, the guild should handle it. Details of the invitation information will be sent from the guild later, so please check at that time.”

I am thankful that the invitation will be handed to the Adventurer’s Guild. It is troublesome to refuse one by one. However, in this situation where Trisen’s movement is becoming active, is it okay for such people to gather in Parse? Moreover, the information is well transmitted in such a short time.

“The rest is the format of the match. One of the great ones is the shrine maiden of Delamis, Colette, do you know her?”

“Oh, I know her.”

To the extent that the shrine maiden explored the dungeon with the summoned heroes.

“If so, the story is quick. Colette will set up a special barrier at the venue and the match will be held in it. Collette will apply her magic in both, Kelvin and Sylvia. Only once. However, it seems to be a magic that eliminates the damage that leads to death. Therefore, you can freely use the equipment that you normally used in battle. When that magic is activated, the game is over, and there will be applause.”

“Saying so it’s easy, but isn’t that really an amazing magic? I mean, the shrine maiden has a lot of work to do.”

“Actually, She’ll be exhausted for the recovery medicine on that day. I think there will be a reward for that.”

Elimination of deadly damage… It’s like Melfina’s blessing. Certainly, was this blessing also given to the shrine maiden of Delamis? Did she modify it as original magic?

[It’s a magic that is said to be a secret technique that has been passed down to successive generations of shrine maidens. It’s been used that way for the last 300 years, so it’s no longer a secret technique…]

Yeah. To use it in a game means that you can see it with an appraisal eye. I wonder if I will develop magic later based on that.

“The explanation is like this. Is there anything you don’t understand?”

“No, I understand most of the time. It was saved, Prettya.”

“Huh! Don’t turn that smile on me! You have an appointment with Sara-chan! And I have Uncle Gerard …!”

The muscles were writhing while hugging themselves. When I saw Gerard, he was retreating to the wall before I knew it.

[Gerard, you…]

[No, don’t get me wrong. This one still misses his wife.]

Were you married, Gerard?

“No, I can’t stand it anymore… I’m gonna let you have some free time. Oh, you don’t have to worry about staying. The guild arranged accommodations first. It should be. “

“Oh, that’s right. I’m sorry.”

Relieved from the bottom of my heart, I see Prettya off. By the way, the game is approaching the day after tomorrow. There is no early battle with S-class adventurers, but I want to practice as much as possible.

“Now, Sara is first.”

I spoke to Efil and went to Sara’s room.
Chapter 112: The Birth of a King
Kelvin’s house, Sara’s private room

“Yes……”

“Did you notice?”

Sara’s care continued casting white magic for several hours. The time was 2 o’clock in the middle of the night, and the city was already asleep.

“That …? Kelvin, why are you here? I’m not in the dungeon…?”

Sara still felt half asleep.

“I recalled you from the place where you fell in the dungeon and re-summoned you. You can thank Rion and the others later. Everyone was very worried.”

“I see. I suddenly felt sick, and my vision turned black … I don’t remember from there. I fell down.”

It seems she can’t remember.

“Oh, but rest assured that you have evolved perfectly.”

“It’s a relief if you said it… Well, what is that evolution?”

What is it? haven’t you awakened yet? No, from her words, she doesn’t seem to know that she was in the middle of an evolution. It can’t be helped.

“Sara collapsed due to evolution. So, the evolution has just completed. But it seems that your appearance has not changed at all. Check your status.”

“Eh……”

It seems that you haven’t fully understood it yet, but you can see it by looking at your status. I suppose I’ll also check it again with an appraisal eye.

Sara, 21-year-old woman, Demon Blood King, Curse Fist

Level: 108

Title: God-killing fist

HP: 2605/2605 (+100)

MP: 2746/2746 (+100)

Strength: 1317 (+100)

Endurance: 1179 (+100)

Agility: 1240 (+100)

Magical power: 1423 (+100)

Good luck: 1585 (+160) (+100)

Skill: Bloodstain (unique skill)

Blood manipulation (unique skill)

Martial arts (S class)

Black magic (class A)

Fly (B class)

Sign detection (class A)

Danger detection (A-class)

Magic detection (A-class)

Concealment detection (A-class)

Dance (B class)

Performance (class B)

Gorgeous luck (B class)

Auxiliary effect: Blessing of the Demon King

Summoning / magical power supply (S class)

=====================================

The status has risen across the board and is now comparable to Melfina. She also learned new unique skills. This “blood manipulation” by the name, is it a skill to manipulate blood? It seems that it can be applied in various ways by combining it with “Blood stain”, which has been activated only passively until now.

“This is my power …?”

“It’s definitely Sara’s power. I think you’ve accumulated skill points, so don’t forget to allocate them. And…”



I faced Sara, who raised her upper body, and stared at her eyes.

“I heard from Rion and the others that it was Sara’s idea to defeat an S-class monster for me. It was a mess.”

I wanted you to invite me if possible. Did it backfire that the training ground was banned from entering and exiting?

“Well, maybe because I was free, or because I was procuring food… Anyway, I didn’t do it for Kelvin!”

Is she a tsundere? She’s cute so I am fine.

“Still, thank you”

“Ah, ah…”

As I looked, Sara’s face turned red and began to pour steam out from her head.

“No more! I’m okay, so Kelvin, get out!”

“Yes, yes, then I’m going to leave.”
Sara flapped her arms like a spoiled child. I didn’t mean to tease her. Well, it would be hard if she threw things out. I was prepared to stay up all night, but if Sara says so, I will sleep too.

“I’m not in a good shape yet, so I’m going to sleep now. Then Sara, good night.”

“Hmm! … Good night”

She returned the ‘good night’ when I turned my face away. I wish she’’ be in a good mood in the morning.

“Waaaa, I feel drowsy at once… I’ll sleep quickly.”

I came back to my private room and collapsed on my bed where Melfina was sleeping. Ah, when I think about it, I was in nursing care from that hell training. That makes me tired. While thinking about it, my consciousness sank.

~~~~~~~~~

Kelvin’s House / Dining room

I had Efil wake me up as usual. Ton, ton, I heard a kitchen knife from the kitchen next door, while reading the latest request list issued by Angie at the dining room, and suddenly the door opened abruptly.

“I made you wait, everyone! I am completely – fully – restored – and – alive!”

“Oh, you get up early today.”



“Oh, only Kelvin and Efil?”

Normally, it was time for Sara to be still asleep. Not to mention Melfina, Rion was still sleeping. Efil was preparing breakfast in the kitchen, and Elie was watering the garden.

“Gerard went for a morning walk with Lucas. Everyone else is still sleeping or working.”

“Eh … I thought it was my new unveiling, so I got up early.”

“You look the same, though.”

“That’s not the case! The horns and wings have become a little cooler!”

I don’t know because I didn’t remove her hair clip. However, unlike yesterday, today is the usual Sara. She fixed her mood. It is good.

“Waa… Good morning …”

Rion came into the dining room, rubbing her sleepy eyes. The evolved Alex also followed Rion.

“Oh, Rion. You’re fast!”

“Sara Hey! You’re feeling better!”

After a brief stop, Rion, now conscious, jumps into Sara’s chest. I envy you, it’s a smiley sight.

“Thanks to you. Thank you for worrying about me, Rion. Alex too…”

Sara tried to see Alex. Should I put Alex’s status on her network? Sara, you should be able to see him with this.

=====================================
Alex 3-year-old male Abyssal Great Black Wolf

Level: 92
Title: Hero’s companion
HP: 1637/1637 (+100)
MP: 560/560 (+100)
Strength: 1154 (+320) (+100)
Endurance: 712 (+100)
Agility: 889 (+100)
Magical power: 556 (+100)
Good luck: 498 (+100)
Skill: Shadow movement (unique skill)
Crawling (unique skills)
Swordsmanship (S class)
Light (S class)
Sense of smell (class A)
Hide (A-class)
Concealment detection (class B)
Toughness (A-class)
Auxiliary effect: Summoning / Magic supply (S class)

=====================================

“Alex has grown too …”

“Gau”

Alex has evolved into an Abyssal Great Black Wolf (Frosvitnil). As with the status, the size of its body is very different. When sitting, its head is close to the ceiling. It’s a level of looking up in respect. It’s barely possible to go through the door of the mansion. Like this, the size of the equipment may not fit unless I make a weapon like Gerard’s sword.

“Yeah! And he got really strong. I couldn’t stand it last night and had a special training at the training ground.”

Rion’s story about Alex continued. Sara had a delicate expression, “That? You were worried, right?”

“Sara, you evolved safely, right? It feels like your atmosphere has become dignified.”

“Indeed!? After all, Rion is different. Kelvin said that my appearance did not change. It’s really rude! Well, actually, this horn part…”

Still, Rion turning around the situation was frightening. Maybe Sara is just simple.

“Oh, that’s right. Kelvin!”

“Hmm?”

“Yesterday, that … you took care of me! I’m grateful!”

Turning away she threw words of gratitude.

” I’d be happier if you could make eye contact and tell me.”

“I can’t do it now!”

It was refreshingly declared.
Chapter 113: The Power of Reincarnation
Kelvin’s House / Living Room

The day before the mock battle, after finishing the last training, I couldn’t even walk anymore. It was a hassle to sweat in the bath, so I asked Efil to wipe my body lightly and collapsed like last night. I didn’t feel like returning to my room, so the place was the sofa in the living room.

“I wonder if you can think of a better way. I’m afraid I’ll die if this continues every day?”

“This is the most efficient way. If anyone is at risk of losing his life, he will grow beyond their limits.”

“Are you really an angel?”

Today’s training was harder than yesterday. I avoided Melfina’s onslaught while casting Death wind Sickle, and accurately counteracting Melfina’s magic that was unleashed with the scythe. If I didn’t pay attention to my feet, the restraint of ice cast by blue magic will creep up, and Efil’s arrow fired from a distance. What’s more, a serious arrow, the ‘Pyro hydra’ of eight heads would be released without any adjustment, I didn’t think I was able to put it out. However, when I cared only about Efil, Melfina set up a hand. Parallel thinking was also busy.

[If you shoot, shoot seriously. A slight injury can be cured with Mel’s or my magic.]

I want to hit myself half a day ago when I said such a stupid thing. Thanks to that, my whole body is full of burns and frostbite. This is what it means to earn my own money! Well, I cured myself!

“So, I think we use carrots and sticks properly in this way. Hmm… Yes, next is the left ear.”

“I’m convinced, I shouldn’t…”

If the training of hell is a whip, this situation now is probably candy. I’m now having my ears picked on Melfina’s lap. Her ear-picking technic is not as good as Efil’s, but it is strangely vexing that I calmed down.

“Have you been healed a little?”

“Well, yeah.”

“Excellent.”

Maybe I’m afraid I’ll forgive this.

“Even so, I was surprised by Sara.”

“Hmm? Oh, it’s about the evolution. I didn’t think it would be that strong.”

“No, it’s about the monster she defeated in the dungeon.”

Monster? Is the white wolf that was served at lunch today? Certainly, when it was taken out of Clotho’s storage, I was surprised at that big size. And it was delicious, so much that my cheeks fell.

“That was one of the pillars that my predecessor, God, created all over the world, but I never thought she would defeat it…”

“Isn’t it bad that if you defeat that type of guy?”

The direction is different from what I thought.

“Did it taste good? I enjoyed it.”

“Is the character different, or is it a problem to eat?”

“It’s okay. It seems that my predecessor was dismissed because he wasn’t good at the god pillar, and the god pillar itself has almost lost its function on my time. So, it would be more beneficial to feed your experience. This time, Sara probably touched the god pillars. The role of the god pillars on the surface is to exterminate demons and demon kings in an emergency. “

“That’s why the pillar reacted. So, what did your predecessor try to do? Did he try to destroy the world?”

“Well, why? Hmm … Yes, I finish it.”

She evaded the question. I raised my head from Melfina’s lap and sit back on the couch.

“Does it have something to do with your last story? You see, you said that.”

It was a conversation before starting training with Melfina yesterday. At that time, it was a rare but serious atmosphere.



[The man you fought the other day, Clive, did he really call himself a reincarnator?]

“I told you that Clive did say that at that time. You were surprised the moment you heard my words.”

“That kind of thing is—“

“I have been with you for months. I rarely see Mel’s surprised expression, so I knew right away.”

“You’re really sensitive to this, even though you’re missing something.”

Melfina laughed bitterly.

“I didn’t want to tell you about the circumstances of the gods as much as possible.”

“I want to hear if possible.”

You can’t sleep like this.

“Oh, it can’t be helped. I explained the difference between summoning a different world person and summoning a reincarnated person before.”

“Oh, I heard it before reincarnating and summoning Rion. What happened?”

“In addition to the regular summoning using divine protection like Collet, there are rare cases where a other-worlder gets lost in this world. If you compare it to your world style, you can express it as spirited away. Is it okay? There are various causes, such as accidents or coincidence. Most of the foreigners living in this world are lost due to the latter. “

Certainly, the number of shrine maidens that can summon is too small for the recognition of different worlds. Will Tsubaki-sama’s ancestors of Trage be like that?

“But there are no exceptions to the reincarnation summoning, which are always done through the reincarnation god, because in fact I was working through my subordinates during Rion’s summoning.”

“Isn’t Mel involved in the reincarnation of Clive?”



“No, I am not.”

“Then, the predecessor who was released from that role used his power.”

“My predecessor has lost power, and above all, he has already disappeared. In addition, I am the only one who can handle the power of reincarnation. It is a strong factor that I was often away with you. So, there is a limit to what my subordinates can do. “

You were working hard. It’s hard to imagine from your lazy normal life Melfina sensei.

“Did you think of something rude?”

“You can’t think in such a serious mood.”

I can get away with this. Don’t get tired and get nervous at midnight. I have to keep only the facial expression with my courage skill. However, there are many mysteries about Clive. At that time, I would have investigated if I didn’t make a mistake …

“It’s very unlikely that a reincarnated person from my predecessor’s era is alive. It’s unlikely, but if he’s got the power of reincarnation from other than me… There may be someone. “

“I see. The real reason Mel came to me was to figure it out.”

“No, I came completely on my own. I enjoy it normally.”

Melfina waved, “No.” This guy denies it with a straight face. Isn’t that quite important!?

“Well, this is another possibility. It would be useless to say that you shouldn’t worry too much.”

“Oh, for the time being, the Rizea Empire, Trisen and Gerard’s death are suspicious. The Rizea Empire on the eastern continent seems to have little information. You may need to go to Delamis, which seems to have the most information. If so, shouldn’t you approach the shrine maiden, this Collet? No, on the other hand, there is also the possibility that Delamis is suspicious…”

Yeah, I think too much. There is not enough sugar in the brain.

“I’m already planning a strategy, and I think it’s better to accompany you, personally.”

“That’s right. It’s faster for Melfina to ask Colette. Why don’t you ask tomorrow?”

“I forgot to say, but tomorrow I will be within your magical power.”

“Oh, yeah. It’s awkward to have Mel, the reincarnation god, in a place where are people involved in Delamis.”

If you are a shrine maiden who reports directly to Melfina, you may be able to find out just by looking at her.

“There is that too … but she’s a little sick.”

“…?”

What does she mean? When I was wondering, the living room’s door opened vigorously. Hey everyone, let’s open the door quietly. It will break someday.

“Kelvin! I’m coming to drink as a pre-celebration for tomorrow!”

“My Liege! Let us have a drink tonight!”

“Wow!”

“I’m sorry I’m in Kel-nii, I couldn’t stop it …”

A tipsy Gerard with Luca on his shoulders, and a tension max Sara with Rion clinging to her hips as if dragged by, got into the room. And modestly behind were Efil and Clotho.

“Oh, we have to do it moderately, right?”

“I’m so sleepy right now…” [TN I guess it’s Kelvin saying these two sentences.]

I knew it would be useless if I say something, so I put forth the little strength I had and cast ‘Refreshing Breeze in myself.

Chapter 114: Sudden Encounter
On the way to the Spirit’s song

“Well then, come on.”

We left the mansion to Elie. I was forcibly taken by Sara and others and headed to the bar of Spirit’s song. That said, the tiredness of training cannot be healed so easily, and I walked again with the black wand as support. As an S-class adventurer, this didn’t look good, so I asked Efil to lend me a shoulder when I left the mansion’s garden. In this case, I would love that it looked like I was injured in honor by a fierce battle with my life on the edge, well maybe.

“Sara, I’m pretty enthusiastic, but you shouldn’t be good at drinking…”

“I don’t drink, do I? But I love the festive atmosphere!”

The translation of it is that she is overwhelmed by that atmosphere and gets drunk every time. And I’m dying because I’m in a crisis.

“I am sorry Kel-nii, tomorrow is an important day. I couldn’t stop Sara with my current strength …”

“Oh, I heard that it is just a dinner party… If it’s a feast, it’s no good today.”

Efil, Rion. You guys are my last conscience. To be honest, if I drink alcohol in this state, I will collapse on the spot.

“What are you talking about? Both of you! It’s an important day, so don’t go to morale like this!”

“Um! I couldn’t drink a single drop today. Let’s enjoy the eagle to the fullest!”

“Um! I also enjoy it…”
Gerard, you already drank a few cups. Lucca on his shoulder seems to have fun imitating Gerard’s mouth, but she is a little suspicious. It’s like she is drunk…

“Hey Gerard. You didn’t let Lucca drink, right?”

“I won’t let my precious Lucca drink. It seems that she ate a pound cake with alcohol made by Efil, and she’s been like this ever since.”

“I’m sorry. It’s my mistake. It seems that she ate a sample placed on the kitchen table… Nobody would be left to take care of her, so I decided to take her with Mr. Gerard.”

“Oh, that kind of thing… Alcohol in a cake wouldn’t be a big deal, but you have to take care of her.”

“I know. I’ll pull up with it even if he is napping.”

Well, if Lucca is the first Gerard, is that safe? I’ll be quiet while watching Sara next to Efil. Because of that, this would be a trial.

“You, is it true that there is a legendary dish “curry” at the Spirit’s Song!?”

This would be a trial…

~~~~~~~~~

Spirit’s Song / Tavern

“Claire! I’m here!”

An inn that is as familiar as Kelvin’s mansion, the Song’s spirit. It’s like home to us, and Sara treats Claire as if she had come to see her mother. Like me, everyone else seems to visit frequently.

“Oops, I’ve been waiting! What’s wrong with Kelvin-chan!?”

“No, just on an adventure at home.”

I was crossing the most dangerous bridge here. Even so, this dashing Claire’s voice doesn’t really change here.

“Yes, Claire! I caught them on my own!”

Sara took out fresh fish and shellfish from the bag she carried by. I was wondering what was in it since we left the mansion, but was it a souvenir for Claire?

“Well, this is lively again. Sorry to trouble you, Sara.”

“It’s okay. I’m fishing too much, and I can handle it… Besides Claire has taken care of me!”



I just glanced at Melfina. Although she doesn’t care.

“Then, I should put my arm on it too! Efil-chan, please help me.”

“Yes, master, let’s go.”

“Oh, please come back as soon as possible…”

I see Claire and Efil disappear into the kitchen. Oh, my few consciences… [TN I really couldn’t guess what he wanted to say with this: 俺の数少ない良心が]

“I see, they’ll make seafood curry.”

I think differently.

“Hey Kelvin, your seat is here!”

“Ah, Mr. Urd”

The person beckoning was Mr. Urd. I rarely meet him at the Spirit Song, but today we drink at the bar. And it’s like he knew I was coming. Looking around there were quite a few familiar adventurers.

“I am here for you Kelvin, take a seat. Have a drink?”

“Hey, you’re so impatient.”

Rion guided me while grabbing and supporting my arm. Perhaps, because she was caring for me that she was even acting so as not to be unnatural. Onii-chan, I’m going to cry.

A large table seat was designated by Mr. Urd. This will allow all my friends to sit down. I sat in a chair while muttering “heave ho” in my heart. Does it smell like an old man? That’s how bad my legs are. If possible, I would like to lie face down at the table as it is, but I will put up with it no matter how much.

“I heard from Gerard and Sara. You’re having a big pre-celebration today? Our regulars gathered to celebrate with you. We were waiting for you to arrive. We couldn’t start without the protagonist!”

“It seems to be so. I just heard it.”



“Um. It’s a surprise. It was planned by this one and Sara!”

“I did my best!”

I’m happy. I’m very happy, but why on this day when I’m exhausted! Gerard and Sara don’t know what the training is, so it’s a shame in a sense, but … let’s take it honestly.
“Now, let’s get started! Claire, we’re ready for sake!”

“You do it yourself! I’m busy preparing food!”

“Oh, yes.”

Urd walked to the kitchen as soon as Claire’s voice said so. It’s completely dominated. Other adventurers who saw it helped prepare, Urd’s desire could be seen.

“I’ll also help…”

“Kelvin, please sit down! We’ll be rushing in!”

“Oh yeah, if you let the protagonist help, there’s no way we can stand.”

I was stopped by a junior adventurer. As a result, I was saved because I couldn’t gather the force to stand up. I must thank him later. Thinking about that, Efil brought a cup in place of the two adventurers.

“Master, alcohol will be bad tomorrow, so take this…”

“Is this grape juice? Efil, I am saved.”

“It’s a special feast, but if you get a hangover tomorrow, you won’t have any chance.”

“Hey Efil, I like juice too. Is it over there?”

“Oh, I want juice too!”

If you think about it, our women can hardly drink alcohol. Melfina seems to change each time according to the dish.

“What would you like Mel?”

“Well, shall I get the same thing?”

And with the cooperation of everyone, the preparations for the banquet proceeded smoothly. Gerard took the toast. Lucca dressed as a maid stormed in and the party started in a chaotic state, but it soon settled down and became the usual drinking party. An acquaintance adventurer from Mr. Urd’s party came to pour sake, but I told him about tomorrow’s game and refused implicitly. Fortunately, everyone seemed to understand it well, and he forgave me for toasting with juice instead of sake.

Sara is also on the lookout with me and Rion, so she doesn’t drink at all. Occasionally, she enjoys drinking juice. It seems unlikely that Sara will attack me today.

“Please tell us the story of the fierce battle in the Elven Forest later. It’s a promise, Mr. Kelvin!”

“If so, this one is going to talk as witness…”

“Don’t do it”

The black story was stopped, and Lucca seemed to be sleeping. When The party has halfway through and I tried to instruct Gerard to take Lucca to the mansion, a group of adventurers came into the tavern.

“Ah? Is full here too?”

The voice was made by a beast-man. It has dog-like animal ears on its head. He has a sharp eye and receives a terribly warlike image.

“Nagua, the day before the promotion ceremony is like this everywhere. It is our responsibility to arrive at this time. I’m grateful that the guild is preparing an inn.”

That was an elf woman. She gave an intellectual vibe in contrast to the beast-man. However, it’s rare to see an elf in Parse.

“I’m hungry …”

“Sylvia, you have to be patient.”

“Even I you said that my stomach is at the limit…”

A girl and a dwarf man came in from behind. Hmm, Sylvia?
Black Summoner – Chapter 1[by Shasu]
Chapter 1 – Summoner
 

Upon waking up I was surrounded by greenery as far as I could see. I was stranded in some forest totally unbeknownst to me.
The trees were rustling pleasantly in the wind, but that didn’t comfort my increasing inner distress at all.
No matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t remember why I was sleeping in this place. I couldn’t even recall my own name. Was this the so-called amnesia? It would appear I didn’t forget my general knowledge and education at the very least. Personally I couldn’t recall it at all, but the knowledge of me being born and raised in Japan on Earth was preserved.
My mind was shrouded by a haze. It was a really odd sensation. Being puzzled by the situation I slowly stood up when I suddenly noticed something flashing in front of me. There wasn’t anything there a short while ago though… .

“Wh-What … this is …” (-)

A button was shining on a semi-transparent screen. Upon inspecting it closely, I was able to see a letter written on the button. It somehow resembled the menu screen of a game.

“Welcome to the alternate world!” <Menu> (T/N: “Isekai he youkoso!” I prefer the romanji version xD )

For an instant my thinking froze completely. The alternate world? Is this alternate world the place I am at right now?
While I was pondering this the button continued to blink. Although I was considering this to be a bad joke I pushed the button.

“Congratulations! You won the right to transfer to a different world as result of a impartial lottery!
Although the memory of the time before the transfer was erased, please do not worry as you granted us permission before the transfer. Due to your retained knowledge you should understand that point must be strictly adhered to!” <Menu>

“What did I do before transferring!?” (-)

“This is a fantasy world where you will encounter fierce sword competitions and exciting magic battles.
Now, you have to learn about the skills you chose before the transfer. Please look at the Status screen for a detailed explanation.” <Menu>

In the next moment the screen changed and displayed a standard array. Ah, as I expected, this was a screen often seen in games.

Kelvin – 23 years old – Human – Summoner

Level: 1
Title: None

HP: 10/10
MP: 20/20

Strength: 1
Endurance: 1
Agility: 3
Magical Attack: 5
Luck: 4

Skill: Summoning <Grade S> Open Slots: 9

Green Magic <Grade F>
Eye of Appraisal <Grade S>
Growth rate x2
Skill points x2
Experience sharing
Skill points: 0

The distrust from a while ago vanished as I was staring intently on the screen. It would appear I have quite the fondness for games. After all I was currently trembling excitedly in anticipation.



I felt sorry for speaking badly of the transfer before.

From the explanation provided by the menu screen I had spent skill points before the transfer to acquire several skills. As far as I could see, quite a lot of skill points were used.
Up to grade S and the Summoner class it is. I only know of one famous game with such a setting … as expected, huh?

“Well, for the moment, let’s check out the details of the skills.” (Kelvin)

Summoning <Grade S>

By making a contract with the target you can add it as a follower.
Added followers receive their magical power through the summoner, their status increases and communication with the summoner is possible.
Summoning the follower within the magical power range of the summoner is enabled.
By raising the skill rank the number of possible followers increases, the status up of the followers increases and an upgraded contract becomes available.

Green magic <Grade F>

Magic to manipulate the power of earth and wind.
Offensive – Support – Recovery can be handled by this well balanced magic.
By raising the skill rank the available magic spells increase.

Eye of Appraisal <Grade S>

Status of target is viewable.
By raising skill rank the amount of information increases.

Growth rate x2



Upon leveling the stats gained are doubled.

Skill points x2

Upon leveling the skill points gained are doubled.

Experience sharing

Experience is shared by all party members.
This skill also applies to the summoner’s followers.

“Oh, now that’s a decent support character. The benefit of leveling is great, too.” (Kelvin)

The Summoning skill required a contract though.
I wondered, should I talk to them as soon as I defeated them? Magical power supply … what’s that?

“After the targets agrees, it will be possible to form a contract with it. Upon conclusion of the contract, the target will change into a magic body and be assimilated by your magic. To successfully summon the target a suitable amount of MP is required and the maximal MP value is lowered. This MP represents the magical power supply. If you cancel the summon the maximal MP value returns to its former value, but please be advised that the MP used for the summoning is not returned.” <Menu>

Thank you for the explanation. To think I would be instructed this precisely after asking. This menu is quite handy.

In short, consecutive summons are not possible due to the MP not recovering fast enough, huh?
Furthermore due to the decrease in the maximal MP, the possibility to use other magic will be narrowed down, too. MP management will be crucial, I guess.

“You are quick on the uptake. Should we go to a nearby town for starters then? There is an adventurer’s guild over there. It would be a good idea to register.” <Menu>

… Quite the common talking for a while now. Menu, will you accompany me?

“Fufu … that would be the least I can do as you have no memory. Please have a look at this.” <Menu>

As Menu replied, it displayed a screen.

Kelvins follower – Slot: 9

Merufina – 1276 years old – Angel – Transferred God

Level: <Impossible to determine>
Title: From God to me

HP: <Impossible to determine>
MP: <Impossible to determine>

Strength: <Impossible to determine>
Endurance: <Impossible to determine>
Agility: <Impossible to determine>
Magical Attack: <Impossible to determine>
Luck: <Impossible to determine>

Skill points: <Impossible to determine>

“This is a first for me as god. To become someone’s follower. Please take responsibility.
Also, this is the communication between a summoner and their follower.” (Merufina)

“Eeehhhhhhhh … what in the hell did I do before transferring here!!??” (Kelvin)

~ And thus the story of my alternate world transfer began ~

CHAPTER 2 – THE TOWN PAZU
A note regarding the future format of text editing:

Explanatory text will be kept in past tense. Thoughts and talk within the mind will be italic and present tense (unless specified otherwise) Regular speech will be case by case regarding tenses.
Sorry, but the correct tenses are not easy to decipher from MTL and Romaji, thus I will set it like this for now.

The author of the series dishes out 1-2 chapters per day currently. If they keep being so short, I might consider an increase of chapters per week. But that will depend on how well the translation of the other 2 will go and how this one develops story wise (alternative would be another series) .

Menu-san, no rather because of her sudden confession, it is Merufina?

After I recovered from the shock, we headed towards the nearby town. While on the move I was told the rough sequence of events happening before the transfer.

It would appear I died in an accident before coming to this world. This accident was caused by a blunder of god (no, not Merufina).

This god requested a special treatment for me from Merufina whose responsibility was governing over reincarnation.

Such cases happened in the past before too, according to Merufina.

After all God makes mistakes, too.

“Surprisingly there also are many irresponsible Gods. I am diligent though, ok?” (Merufina)

Originally Merufina was an angel serving god, she remarked in my mind.

As a reward for meritorious service for many years, she was promoted to guarding deity ruling over reincarnation in the (T/N: heavenly) division of this world.

In comparison to other gods, she was a young god who just started out.

Oh well, that is, if you believe Merufina’s words on the matter.

As I uttered my complaints while interacting with Merufina, she also mentioned her innermost thoughts.

“Right after choosing the skill you approached me about signing a contract with you desu~.

You fell in love with me and begged me to accompany you! For nearly an hour you coaxed me into doing that for you.

As I was handling that administrative position for several hundreds of years, I felt a little bored and thus I accepted that plea of yours.” (Merufina)

… Though I couldn’t recall it at all, it would seem I fell in love with Merufina at first sight.

At the moment I was only able to hear Merufina’s voice but I guessed she was suitable being a goddess previously.

“Occasionally it is necessary for a goddess to get some rest desu~.

In other words, paid holiday desu~.

Since I pushed the work onto my follower, it is alright.

For several centuries now I have had no break. If I don’t recharge soon, I will break.” (Merufina)



Follower, eh? … You were treating my transfer as a chance to go on a vacation ?!

In that case return my memories already, will you?

“Didn’t you decide to erase your memories before you were transferred? The increased skill points serve as sufficient compensation for your lost memories.

You were informed about this.” (Merufina)

What should I say to the person I fell in love with?

The memory of falling in love is gone after all.

“Even if you lost your memories, you can just fall in love with me again! What sweet words you used before.

Because it was so straight forward, my heart went kyun~ and even though it was a mistake I permitted it.

Favorability level +1, desu~.

Congratulations!” (Merufina)

Uoo~ … Please stop it already at this point.

Even if don’t remember, I feel like I don’t want to know about my black past … Still what a blunder, for Merufina to suit my taste in women so much, huh?

With this much said, I want to actually see Merufina now.



“Since we are already contracted with each other … can I summon you now?” (Kelvin)

“It currently is impossible. The MP required for materialization is severely lacking.” (Merufina) (T/N: Tough luck there is no red star in the sky, huh? ^^)

That surely took the wind out of my sails.

Current objective: Raise the level far enough to summon Merufina!

“I am looking forward to your growth and new confession of love” (Merufina)

“There will be no confessions.” (Kelvin)

While chatting the town cam into view.

“This town is our destination, Pazu, desu~.” (Merufina)

It seemed to be a reasonably large town. It was surrounded by a stone wall with the houses being within the wall.

The town scape, which differed quite a lot from modern Japan, made my heart flutter.

By the way, my current appearance is the same as common travelers in this world.

Thus I don’t think I will stand out specifically.

There were gateways into the town on both sides, east and west.

Approaching the gatekeepers I was about to get in contact with the first human beings from this world.

Oh, a gatekeeper seems to have noticed me.

“Yaa~ .. Are you an adventurer? Sorry, but could you show me your guild card or identification papers?” (Gatekeeper)

“Well, I come from a small village in the hicks. I have no identification papers.” (Kelvin)

As Merufina had briefed me earlier I dealt with him in such way.

There were a lot of people in this world, who didn’t possess identification papers.

Hence those papers were issued at the gate of big towns like this.

Though it cost a bit money, there was no problem as Merufina held onto some before transferring.

Even though she gave up her job, this was a task even a child could do.

“As I said before, I’m a diligent person desu~.” (Merufina)

After finishing the business with the identification papers, I headed to the next destination; the adventurer’s guild.

~ At first I was doubtful, but now I am brimming with the motivation to fully enjoy this fantasy world. ~

 I arrived at the adventurer’s guild. The building housing was quite imposing.

Well then, I guess I should have a look inside!

『What’s this strange tension?』 (Merufina)

“I can’t explain it properly, but my excitement has increased.” (Kelvin)

When I entered, the first thing I saw was the reception counter.

The Misses (musume-tachi) who worked as guild receptionists were dealing with adventurers. However there was no cute young woman among them.

To the side of the counter there was a bar. And despite it being daytime there already was a person drinking sake.

It was a typical guild right out of a RPG. It was just as I imagined and that made me happy. I thought it would only be muscular middle-aged man (ossan-tachi) but there were quite a few young woman and man, too.

I lined up at the queue for the counter and waited a little while. My turn came around.

“Hello! What sort of business do you have?” (Receptionist)

It was a sweet girl with light brown braided hair who greeted me in an energetic voice. Energetic girls sure are nice~.

“I want to register as an adventurer.” (Kelvin)

“Registration it is, I understand. Then, please fill out this form here. Do you need someone else to write it for you?” (Receptionist)

“No, it’s alright.” (Kelvin)

Language comprehension, that’s what enabled me to write and read the words here and was acquired when I was transferred to this world.

It was thanks to Merufina-sama-sama.1

Only name and occupation are required to be filled out, huh?

It was fairly simple.

Name is Kelvin and occupation is Green Magician … duh

“Kelvin it is. Please wait a moment.” (Receptionist)

There is a reason why I set the occupation as Green Magician.

Summoner was a class of an extremely rare degree in this world.

There was an occupation with a similar ability though, Beastmaster.

This one didn’t use summoning magic but used a method of taming monsters and training them into pets. There is no MP used and it’s possible to have the trained monster serve you at all times. By increasing the skill rank you could tame more pets, it seems. In other words, the same as a summoner.

The merit of a summoner is to not being limited to only monsters as you can likewise possess humans, elves and golems who are valid as an inorganic creature, too. Furthermore, there was status up, communication with your followers and the possibility to summon them wherever you like as long as it is in range of your magic. As compensation for using part of your MP, the reward was large.

Becoming such a summoner was restricted to very few people. Most likely one person per nation. As soon as they are discovered they are targeted by the higher-ups of a nation.

To me, who wanted to freely enjoy this fantasy world, such a thing would be an obstacle. Thus I wanted to conceal my summoner class as much as possible.

“I’m sorry to have you kept waiting. This will serve as proof of guild membership.” (Receptionist)

She handed me the guild certification.

It was a blue card with wings drawn on it. There was an “F” written atop of it.

“Let me explain the simple guild system next.” (Receptionist)



Going by her explanation, adventurers are split into seven ranks.

She showed a board.

———————————————–

Rank F (Beginner) <— Kelvin

Rank E (Novice)

Rank D (Amateur)

Rank C (Advanced)

Rank B (Expert)

Rank A (Monster) <— Shasu

Rank S (Godlike) 2

———————————————–

My name is written down in lovely characters next to my rank.

Un, that’s easy to understand.

“As Kelvin-san has just registered, you start as an F-Rank. You can accept a request at any area that has a guild. Requests are split by ranks and posted on a bulletin board for all adventurers to see.” (Receptionist)

“In other words, I can only accept F-Rank requests right now?” (Kelvin)



“It is possible to accept requests that are one rank above your own. However, please be warned that you have to pay the penalty for contract breach in case you fail a request.” (Receptionist)

Uh huh, that means I can’t recklessly challenge higher ranking requests.

“If you succeed in completing requests 10 times your adventurer rank will rise. Even if you complete higher ranking requests, the number required for a rank up remains the same. However, please be careful as from C-Rank onward there will be examinations for raising your rank.” (Receptionist)

“Roger that.” (Kelvin)

“There are 4 kinds of requests: Subjugation, Escort, Harvest and Special. For subjugation requests, please don’t forget to bring a part of the targets body as proof that you defeated it.” (Receptionist)

Mu~, sounds like proof is necessary.

With this excessive hunting is improbable as I won’t be able to hold all the proofs.

“Is there a reasonable request for a beginner?” (Kelvin)

“Well, let’s see. I recommend these.” (Receptionist)

Subjugation of 3 x blue slimes.

Harvesting of 5 x medical herbs.

Search for pet cat (Special request)

Those were the basic run-downs of the requests.

That means special requests didn’t belong to any other request type, huh?

『Master,3 how about accepting the request to subjugate 3 blue slimes? In the first place, those are ideal monsters for your summoning magic.』 (Merufina)

Un, so we were thinking the same, huh?

I want to try out the summoning magic soon, too.

Of course, somewhere where it doesn’t attract public notice.

“I would like to accept the subjugation request of the blue slimes.” (Kelvin)

“I understand. Here you go.” (Receptionist)

After receiving the request formally, I left the adventurer’s guild.

A little while later I heard that she (the receptionist) is called Angie. I will be often taken care of by her from now on.

Now then, next would be preparing my equipment. As I have no extra money to spare currently, it will be limited to weapons and recovery items.

『A wood rod it is. Although it has no physical attack power, there is a weak magic attack boost dwelling within. It will likely help you with your magic.』 (Merufina)

Most of my money was spent on this.

For the sake of today’s inn charges, off I go!

Translation Notes:

1 Yea, twice to increase the gratitude I guess.

2 Translation would be inhuman, but with such a fantasy world … more like not measurable by any scale. But that is hard to put in one word, so it had to be of course… ;)

3 She calls him “anata-sama.” You could also translate it as “darling” but since she uses keigo and gives off a meek flair, I opted for master.
Now then, after leaving the town I arrived at a plain before long.

Walking on the road next to the forest with its boisterous sounds of nature, I was lucky to not encounter any monsters on the way. The distance wasn’t far either.

“I was told they should appear around here …” (Kelvin)

Surveying the area there were no blue slimes in the vicinity.

After walking for a little while searching for them, I finally saw something resembling a blue shape in front.

『It’s a blue slime. Master, please use [Eyes of Identification] to examine it.』(Merufina)

Just as I was told by Merufina, I invoked [Eyes of Identification].

Before I could understand how it was supposed to work, I already was under the influence of the invocation.

It feels almost like moving one’s body, huh?

Owning the skill seems to make the invocation fairly simple.

Blue Slime – 0 years old – No race – Blue Slime

Level: 1

Title: None

HP: 5/5

MP: 0/0

STR: 1

STA: 1

AGI: 2

MATK: 1

LUK: 2

Skill: Stun resistance

Skill points: 0

This is [Eyes of Identification]?

It’s able to read the entire status of the target.

『[Eyes of Identification] doesn’t only work on living things. It also works on unidentified objects. Your [Eyes of Identification] is grade S. As long as the target is less than 100 levels above you, it is possible to identify it.』 (Merufina)

It should work on the majority of targets then, huh? … Wait, I was able to see Merufinas status although it shouldn’t be possible to display it.

In other words, does the level of Merufina surpasses mine by over 100?

『Tentatively speaking, I am a goddess after all.』 (Merufina)

For the sake of summoning you, just how much MP will be consumed … nevermind, the story strayed off.

First the blue slime in front.

I slowly approached the blue slime.

First of all, to succeed in forming a contract I need the other parties agreement.

Should I talk to the slime to get its agreement? (T/N: LOL)

『In case of monsters who don’t understand words, you have to weaken it considerably without defeating it though. If you invoke the contract then, it will agree to it. It’s a fellow you want to befriend by using strength.』 (Merufina)

Merufina appeared to have an abundant gamer’s knowledge, too.

It seems I would finish it off if I used magic, so I had to use the wood rod to fight it.

“Tou!” (Kelvin)



Putting a fair amount of strength into it, I attacked the blue slime.

The slime was blown back by a few meters while rolling around *poyon poyon*

I invoked [Eyes of Identification].

「Remaining HP: 3. Do you wish to form a contract?」 (System)

I held up my hand towards the slime as arranged by the system in order to form a contract.

“Uo~ … It feels like something is coming out of its body covering it in a mist. Is this alright?” (Kelvin)

『Regardless whether the formation of a contract is successful or not, half of the remaining MP will be spent on the attempt. That’s the effect of spending a large amount of mana.』 (Merufina)

“Please tell me that earlier … Oh well, okay. Is the contract formation successful?” (Kelvin)

Looking at the blue slime, it started to gradually to glow in a white light.

Bright.

『Congratulations. The contract is established.』 (Merufina)

“Is it done with this?” (Kelvin)

『The monster you contracted this time has no name yet. How about giving it a name, Master?』 (Merufina)

Fumu, name, huh?

My naming sense is on fire and so it will end up sounding chuuni-like.1

Should I play it safe here?

No, it’s no problem as this a fantasy world.

“Alright, from today onwards you shall be called Clotho2. Please take care of me from now on!” (Kelvin)

Clotho jumps up while trembling *purupuru* .



And then it changed into light particles which were absorbed into me.

That fellow became a magic body, huh?

According to what Merufina told me before, with this Clotho should have been absorbed into my mana.

“Oi Clotho, can you hear me?” (Kelvin)

Although I can’t hear Clotho’s words, its feelings are directly transmitted to me.

Is it pleased with only this?

『Mutual understanding is possible without having to use words as a means of communication. As a fellow follower I have to say this method gives me peace of mind though.』 (Merufina)

Ah, Clotho is slightly scared.

You don’t have to be afraid of Merufina.

For the time being I should name this as follower’s network (T/N: Blog!).

It allows virtually instant conversation and it looks to me that it will be useful in battle.

“The next is summoning. As I used half my MP earlier for the contract, the remaining MP is 10. Will that be sufficient?” (Kelvin)

『For a slime of this level it will be fine. However in regards to understanding the summoning skill: Please be careful of the forceful contract cancellation in case the followers HP drops to 0 and it dies.』 (Merufina)

In this world it had been arranged that 『HP reduced to zero = death』.

Naturally there is no such thing as revival in the church after death as it is common in games.

Clotho is an important friend who will accompany me from now on.

I will make sure to not make a blunder and avoid such a thing to happen.

『As long as so much as 1 HP remains, it is possible to cancel the summons and return the follower back into your mana. HP and MP will be recovered gradually over time, if it returns to be a magic body. Please make sure to apply this rule wisely.』(Merufina)

*Funfun* Very educational.

Well then, now that I have received Merufina-sensei’s authorization, I shall invoke the summoning.

Ah, right. I don’t know yet how far my magic range goes. Let’s go with summoning right before the eyes then.

Just as the thought crossed my mind, the magic square appeared instantly and in the next instant Clotho was within it.

It seems that summoning is carried out in a fairly high speed.

“First objective of testing achieved. Next up, the subjugation request.” (Kelvin)

『Making Clotho murder its own family … Master, you are quite the savage.』(Merufina)

“Gufu” (Kelvin)

When I was writhing in agony over my lacking discretion, Clotho transmitted its feelings by jumping about.

“Because the slime family grows by the strong absorbing the weak it is alright, huh? Clotho, you don’t have to force yourself.” (Kelvin)

Clotho showed its eagerness with his trembling body.

No, there’s no problem if Clotho is fine with it.

“As for absorbing the defeated opponent, that would be a problem. I have to dismantle the slimes and collect the cores as proof for the subjugation request this time.” (Kelvin)

However it should be okay for Clotho to absorb a part of the opponent.

I am a bit anxious about the remaining MP. I want to try out magic a bit, too.

We found a target.

Translation Notes

1 chuuninbyou (in short: chuuni) … well for those who don’t know that term yet. Some weird delusional sickness of Japanese middle school students thinking they are some kind of super heroes and such.

2 クロト .. Kroto would be the name I guess? If someone knows anything better, please feel free to share. I suspect it has some weird reference to a game/manga/anime/novel too. Changed it to Clotho now, sounds cuter any way and fixed the gender to neutral (for now). ^^
CHAPTER 5 – LEVEL UP
The new follower Clotho was next to me, tagging along on the search for blue slimes. After a short while we discovered 2 blue slimes.

“Let’s test the green magic to assess it. Because I will attack one of the slimes with magic, I will leave the other one to you, Clotho. Please show me the way you fight.” (Kelvin)

Clotho nods. *koku koku*

Due to the decreased mana supply, I immediately applied reinforcement on myself as to not be defeated by the approaching common blue slime.

Concerning green magic, I received several rudimentary instructions from Merufina.

After the contract with Clotho and its summoning, my MP took a heavy blow leaving me with only a part of it remaining. However I still have some recovery items.

Therefore I should be able to deal with a slime as opponent some way or the other.

“Air Blade Wind!” (Kelvin)

Grade F green magic [Air Blade Wind]

Small air blades are generated. It is a magic that attacks the target.

Although the attack power is low, it’s a low-cost and invisible attack that can be fired. Nice usability.

The wind tears apart the blue slime consigning it to oblivion in one blow.

“Clotho, go!” (Kelvin)

Clotho begins to run at great speeds challenging the blue slime with a charge.

This charge blew off the opponent and finished it off.

Its speed was totally different to the time before the contract was made. Most likely that was because of the Grade S summoning. The gap caused by the status up was huge as well.

『Because of the Grade S summoning all statuses are increased by +100.』 (Merufina)

Wha?! Additional 100!?

I confirmed Clotho’s status with [Eyes of Identification].

Clotho – 0 years old – No race – Blue Slime

Level: 1

Title: None

HP: 105/105 <+100>

MP: 100/100 <+100>

STR: 101 <+100>

STA: 101 <+100>

AGI: 102 <+100>

MATK: 101 <+100>

LUK: 102 <+100>

Skill: Stun resistance

Buffs1: Summoning Technique / Mana Enhancement (Grade S)

Skill points: 0

That’s too powerful … So that’s why nations value summoners so highly.

Just a slime follower of a level 1 summoner and it’s already this powerful.

An immediate asset if used in the army.

『Just a small correction: The only one possessing a Grade S summoning skill is you, master. The other rabble is at the most Grade B or C. Their status up is approximately +10 ~ +20. They are not able to turn a slime follower into an immediate asset.』(Merufina)

Are you serious? It’s no less than a splendid cheat to possess such skill at level 1.

Moreover, isn’t it the first time you praised me, Merufina? I’m a little bit happy.

After a short time, when Clotho had easily defeated third blue slimes, a fanfare resounded.



Is it that!? That default pattern !?

Before my eyes the status screen appeared.

Level up! Level 1 => Level 2

 

Kelvin – 23 years old – Human – Summoner

Level: 2

Title: None

HP: 20/20 <+10>

MP: 23/35 <+20>

STR: 3 <+2>

STA: 3 <+2>

AGI: 9 <+6>

MATK: 15 <+10>

LUK: 12 <+8>

Skill: Summoning <Grade S> Open Slots: 8

Green Magic <Grade F>

Eye of Appraisal <Grade S>

Growth rate x2

Skill points x2



Experience sharing

Skill points: 100

Oh, thanks to the passive skills the growth is remarkable.

It is very nice in regards to the expected increase of mana consumption.

I received 100 skill points, too.

『Please change from the status screen to the skill entries. By using the skill points, another new skill can be obtained.』 (Merufina)

“By the way, does the general public of this world know about the status screen? The situation of a level up should occur occasionally.” (Kelvin)

『It is known. The method is different though. One silently prays to God for displaying the status screen. That way one is able to display their own status, acquire skills and manage parties by themselves. However, the status screen of others cannot be seen.』 (Merufina)

In order to view the status of others, [Eyes of Identification] was necessary.

All things considered, you could confidently say that this world was quite permeated with a game-like mechanism.

Well, I don’t think this state of affairs is doubted, though, since it is like that since birth.

“Well then, I will open the skill entries.”

I opened the skill entries within the status screen.

The screen is full of skills with their name and effects. The required points to obtain a specific skill are listed as well. All together it was who-knows-how-many.

『Not all skills are displayed yet. There also are skills which require certain achievements to unlock them.』 (Merufina)

“I was able to get the summoning skill normally.” (Kelvin)

『That was a special exception and is usually not possible. That was, so to speak, a bonus available in the skill entries before transferring to this world.』 (Merufina)

“Then, there is no such bonus in this world available as well? Oh well, it can’t be helped.” (Kelvin)

While skimming through the skill entries, I let Clotho guard the vicinity.

“… Say, isn’t the amount of spendable skill points too low? After all, Grade F skills cost 10 points.” (Kelvin)

『By nature skill points represent the point values of the abilities. By increasing the level you obtain (T/N: ability) growth points. Although that value differs for each person, typically the point values of the abilities are 50 with growth points at 5.』 (Merufina)

“Oi, my growth points are 100. Even taking into account the doubled skill point gain, this number is weird.” (Kelvin)

『Incidentally the point values of the abilities were derived before the transfer. Even though there is a margin caused by the skills, generally the required points are as follows: Grade F: 10, Grade E: 20, Grade D: 40, Grade C: 80, Grade B: 160, Grade A: 320 and Grade S: 640. Because it is necessary to start from the lowest Grade when acquiring a skill, Grade S requires in total 1270 points.』 (Merufina)

“… Even if a common person reaches level 100, they can only get one skill up to Grade B at the most.” (Kelvin)

『… That’s how it is.』 (Merufina)

“… Even though I have two Grade S skills at level 1.” (Kelvin)

『… Look, it’s in exchange for your memories.』 (Merufina)

Now, that’s the very definition of me piling up a cheat on a cheat.

All the other-worlders in this world would believe this to be a bug.

However, I don’t know if there are any.

『To the bitter end, that is the situation of a common person. Among them there are some feared as inhumane or devil kings, too.』 (Merufina)

I won’t worry about it.

The difference in the raised basic statuses is more precious compared to the situation with the skills.

As long as I don’t do anything strange, I won’t stand out neither.

For now, let’s return to slowly checking the available skills.

While issuing instructions to Clotho, I face the remainder of the subjugation request.

 

Translation Notes

1 Translation would be “Support/Auxiliary Effects” but well, in game terms that would be “Buffs,” thus I will go with that. ^^

CHAPTER 6 – SKILL
The blue slime subjugation finished without any problems.

The summoned Clotho had been recalled.

After receiving the reward from the guild, I went to search for an inn to stay at for today.

“That’s the inn Angie-san mentioned, huh?” (Kelvin)

Angie had recommended an inn and taught me the necessary information.

『How affectionate of her to consider the pursue of a newcomer adventurer, Angie’s highly recommended inn! Apparently, that is.』 (Merufina)

“‘Singing spirits.’1 No doubt, it’s here. Let’s go inside.” (Kelvin)

Opening the door, I was greeted by an oba-san with a large build standing at the counter.

The landlady, huh?

“Oops, a guest? Welcome to ‘Singing Spirits’!” (oba-san)

“Umm, I would like to stay for one night.” (Kelvin)

“If it suits you, please stay the next as well. I would be glad. Atasha Clare2, nice to meet you.” (Clare)

“I am Kelvin. Apparently the food here is very delicious. It is a pleasure from now on.” (Kelvin)

“Hahaha, I have to put all my skills into the cooking today then!” (Clare)

After paying the lodging expenses, Clare-san guided me to my room.

I was briefly told the time for dinner in this inn.

Fuu~ , finally I can relax a bit.

“Although I had anticipated it, there is no bath …” (Kelvin)

『Royalty has bathrooms in their castle, the noble’s mansions often don’t have one either though. Commoners normally bathe in cold water or boil some water to use it to wipe their bodies.』 (Merufina)

“For Japanese people to not have a bath in their livelihood is severe! … One day I will live in a house with a bathroom.” (Kelvin)

As I was burning with ambition towards my new objective, I opened the skill entries from the status screen.

While scrolling through the entries, I was looking for the intended skill.

“… There!” (Kelvin)

 

Hide (Grade F) – Required Skill Points: 10

Up to Grade F [Eyes of Identification] can be prevented.



Up to Grade F [Detection] can be prevented.

Objects can be hidden.

 

Acquiring this skill ought to be the highest priority in order to hide my status information.

After listening to Merufina’s explanation before, it is obvious that the degree of difficulty for the skills I possess is unusual.

If it became known that I possess such skills at Level 2, I would be regarded as totally suspicious.

Therefore I will raise [Hide] up to Grade D.

Currently I have excess war potential on the battlefield.

“With this the countermeasure against [Eyes of Identification] is OK for the moment. Before long I want to raise it up to Grade B if possible, but …” (Kelvin)

Also, for the sake of this, I intend to focus on doing subjugation requests starting tomorrow.

I want to raise my cooperation proficiency with Clotho, too.

Oh, yes! By the way, this afternoon Clotho raised its level by defeating 5 blue slimes as well.



10 growth points were earned.

What wonderful superiority, isn’t it? With those 10 points Clotho can purchase quite a few varied skills.

 

Absorb (Grade F) – Required Skill Points: 10

A portion of mana will be absorbed and converted into energy.

Also effective when magic attacks are used.

Depending on the skill rank, the absorption power will be raised.

 

A quite interesting skill.

The absorbed energy can also be used to restore (T/N: heal) oneself. Furthermore it can also be used for attacking.

If the skill rank rises, it might be possible to completely nullify magic.

From now on Clotho will have to keep working hard, too.

“However, today’s fights went beyond easy. Neither Clotho nor me received any damage.” (Kelvin)

『Blue slimes are monsters that even beginner adventurers can safely hunt. To lose with such power, on the contrary, would be embarrassing. Some specimen can surpass the standard level and become high level. It is also possible for some to evolve into a different species. Unpreparedness is one’s greatest enemy.』 (Merufina)

“Evolution? Monsters can raise their level and evolve?” (Kelvin)

『The level is not the absolute condition in this case. The surrounding environment, the preferred food and further various conditions. Particularly, Clotho’s race, the slimes, got a diverse evolution tree. I am also looking forward to what my evolution will be like.』(Merufina)

I don’t understand Merufina any more. How can she look forward so much to the time of evolution.

“Hee~ , Clotho might sooner or later evolve, too. I am anticipating it, Clotho.” (Kelvin)

Clotho seems to be in high spirits.

Well then, for the time being I should go and get a meal.

Since I forgot to eat anything as I was engrossed in battle during lunch time.

I suppose that this will be the first meal I enjoy in this alternate world.

 

Translation Notes

1 精霊歌亭 .. “seirei uta tei” .. Well aforementioned name is my take on it. In case I am wrong, feel free to tell me. :)

2 Well I was confused at first as I thought her forename is Clare, but that doesn’t seem to be case as it’s apparently “Forename Last name” order. Since the MC calls her Clare-san, I will refer to her as Clare too, even if it is her last name.
CHAPTER 7 – ROOKIE CRUSHER
Merely one week has passed since I came to this world.

If someone asked me what I was doing in that time span, the answer would be subjugation & subjugation.

The next day after the blue slime subjugation, I accepted yet another Rank F subjugation request. Since the request was far too easy I simply breezed through it.

From then on I only accepted Rank E subjugation requests.

“Congratulations, Kelvin-san! By successfully completing this request, your adventurer rank has risen to Rank E!” (Angie)

Angie gave her blessing.

In all honesty, there was no sense of accomplishment though.

The subjugation target monsters for Rank E were Orcs, Kobolds and their likes. Basically monsters priding themselves in group tactics trying to crush their opponents with numbers.

However they weren’t overly intelligent after all.

For the [Status Up] Clotho and me they were no enemies due to our mutual understanding.

“At the time while processing the Rank E request, I was wondering how it would work out for you. Kelvin-san hasn’t formed a party after all ~mon1 ” (Angie)

I can’t join one even if I want to.

In the case I joined a party, my summoner class would immediately be exposed.

But, even though I can’t join one, I got a reliable partner anyway.

『A follower who was materialized by casting [Summon] will automatically be added to your party, Master. Substantially they always are part of your party though.』(Merufina)

Substantially, huh?

Looking at it from the view of other guys, an adventurer group consisting of only one rookie magician was finishing requests one rank above their own one after the other. For that reason …. it was quite conspicuous.

『Did you plan to act while not standing out?』 (Merufina)

It is tedious.

Forgive me.

While talking to Merufina within my mind, Angie-san leaned across the counter and drew close to me.

Too close!

“Kelvin-san, did you serve in any country as court magician? For a rookie-san you are far too strong.” (Angie)

“Eh, eto, I cannot disclose any details. I’m sorry.” (Kelvin)

“Ah, no, I am sorry as well! It is strictly forbidden to inquire about such matters from adventurers, you know …” (Angie)

Please, forgive me for making up such a thing.

I apologized once more within my mind.

“But please be careful. Because it is Kelvin-san, you want to receive a Rank D request next, isn’t that right?” (Angie)

“Yes, that was my intention.” (Kelvin)

If I tell a lie while receiving a request, it will also be exposed.2

Therefore I replied honestly here.

“If I think it is really dangerous, I will run away. I am confident in my escape skills.” (Kelvin)

“Please properly prepare your equipment at least! You haven’t changed your equipment for a week, have you, Kelvin-san?!” (Angie)

Oh, now that she mentioned it, I haven’t bought anything new.

Excessive pride is no good either.

I can gradually change my equipment with the reward money I have received so far.

“Hahaha, I understand. I will get some brand new equipment … that being said, I would like to receive a Rank D request now, please.” (Kelvin)

“Mu~ , did you really understand it? Eeto, Rank D request, it is …” (Angie)

While Angie was confirming the request, a man standing close by called out to me.

“Talking about Rank D, how about a Black Soulknight3 subjugation?” (-)

“Black Soulknight?” (Kelvin)

“Ca-Cashel-san (T/N: >> Kasheru <<), you are back already …!” (Angie)

By the way, who is this guy? Although I have turned up at the guild several times already, I never saw this guy.

Going by the impression of his appearance, he is a blond-haired ikemen with a refreshing air around him. Yet I somehow sense an unpleasant aura emitting from him.

“Yaa, Angie-chan, I’m back.4 I just got back now.” (Cashel)

“… Thanks for your hard work. How did it go with your request?” (Angie)

“Of course, safely resolved. It was a slightly tough fight in the lizardmen’s den though. Hahaha.” (Cashel)

Although Angie had a smile plastered across her whole face, her expression was cramped.



Somehow the mood of the surrounding adventurers became gloomy as well.

“By the way, the buddy over there, didn’t you raise to Rank E just now? Congratulations! Your adventurer-senpai is happy for you!” (Cashel)

“Eeto, who are you?” (Kelvin)

“Otto, I haven’t introduced myself yet. I am Cashel. A Rank D adventurer.” (Cashel)

He was a man acting out a drama in every little way.

The surrounding adventurers started to whispering among themselves. I tried to listen in a bit.

<Saying such things without shame despite having the ability of a Rank B in reality.>

<His purpose in life is to crush rookies after all. I guess he is excited since he can aim for that rookie who took a Rank D request just now.>

<Haa, unfortunately there is no one who is stronger than Cashel in this guild. It might be best to pretend to not have seen anything.>

The adventurers, who drank inside the bar, talked in low voices.

There ought to be Rank D adventurers among them.

As they weren’t meddling in this situation although they had the same rank, it seems the things they said were true.

“My party has talked about subjugating Black Soulknights next. Do you want to come with us? Judging by your appearance, Rank E requests are starting to be no challenge for you any more.” (Cashel)

“P-Pl-Please wait! Certainly that request is Rank D, but those Black Soulknights are a lot stronger than the others! Most likely they are an evolved subspecies. That request is far too dangerous for Kelvin-san!” (Angie)

“Hahaha, Angie-chan, it’s all right. Considering what you talked about a while ago, he cleared the Rank E request by himself, isn’t that so? If he cooperates with us, it will be no problem at all.” (Cashel)

“That is …” (Angie)

Angie ended up holding her tongue back.

“Thanks for the offer, but I won’t join your party. There would be no gain in forming a party with me either.” (Kelvin)

“You don’t have to hold back. You can consider this as a part of life experience, too.” (Cashel)

This guy, he is quite persistent.

I don’t have any interest in him coming over here.

Incidentally, Angie had stopped interfering not too long ago. Seeing this opportunity, I will use [Eyes of Identification] to see just how dangerous this Cashel guy really is.

 

 



Cashel – 25 years old – Human – Magic Swordsman

Level: 34

Title: Murderer

HP: 315/315

MP: 104/104

STR: 156 <+20>

STA: 131

AGI: 126

MATK: 102

LUK: 89

Skill: Sword Mastery (Grade B)

Herculean Strength (Grade E)

White Magic (Grade E)

Spy (Grade E)

Hide (Grade F)

Art of Conversation (Grade E)

Skill points: 0

 

 

The status level can’t be compared to Clotho.

He possesses some disturbing skills as well. And above all else, that title … However it is extremely unlikely for Cashel to be caught, too.

He made me his target quite obviously.

That’s right, we will settle it here.

“That’s so, isn’t it? Well, how about a match then?” (Kelvin)

“Match?” (Cashel)

“Yes, how about a match who will defeat that monster Black Soulknight, we talked about earlier, first? Of course I will challenge it solo.” (Kelvin)

“Oi oi, it isn’t an enemy you can defeat by yourself. As planned I will receive the request and go with my party, is that fine with you?” (Cashel)

“I don’t mind.” (Kelvin)

Am I not walking into the trap that guy set up for me this way?

Cashel is completely aiming for me. Probably he will attack me while I am fighting that Black Soulknight. Or he might attack me while on the journey to the destination, I guess.

I don’t know whether it is because of his pleasure in murdering or to snatch the reward, he is a worthy opponent either way.

More than anything else, I want to show the results of my leveling and training.

Besides, I am quite sure that I want to try it.

『Master, this way of thinking is peculiar to battle maniacs.』 (Merufina)

Shut up.

“Fufu, you seem to be full of yourself. I am fine with the match.” (Cashel)

“Then let’s begin the match. Angie-san, the request, please.” (Kelvin)

“K-Ke-Kelvin-san …” (Angie)

Angie-san, who had turned her sight this way, had a facial expression that seemed to break out into tears any time soon. However I couldn’t afford to pull back here.

Let’s just say that I am finally allowed to test my own strength.

 

 

Translation Notes

1 Not sure yet if it is one of those special kinds of sentence endings in Japanese or if it should be translated by its meaning. I am leaving it as such for now.

2 Don’t remember it, but I think it might be one of the adventurer rules in regards to requests.

3 黒霊騎士 … Kuro rei kishi … for those wondering about it.

4 Tadaima … well, usually known as “I’m home.”
CHAPTER 8 – CASHEL
This chapter is partially written from Cashel’s POV but then again not, kind of a mix. His thoughts are written in italic.

For those wondering: Rank x will be used for requests and adventurer ranks. Grade x will be used for skills (always in [ ]). Just for differentiation.

“… so, how was it? Him.” (Cashel)

After Cashel left the guild, he entered a dark alley.

Two men were waiting for Cashel there. Beforehand those two were mingling with the other adventurers at the bar while having light-hearted talks here and there.

“… Ah, boss.1 That rookie, I think he might be an important person.” (-)

It was small dirty man with the air of a thief around him.

“Rank C going by my [Eyes of Identification]. At least that guy likely got Grade C [Hide] if not more, you know ssu~ .” (-)

“Hee, even though he was brandishing his useless pride in his own skills so recklessly? I wonder what he is hiding.” (Cashel)

“Oi, Cashel. Can we tease him a bit before killing him off? I want to fight him first!” (-)

Next to the small man, there was a lively, muscular giant standing.

Cashel shrugged his shoulders while exclaiming a “Yare yare2 ” as the giant was laughing.

Even though it’s the usual antics, that guy really has no self-restraint.

“Raji (T/N: >> Raji <<), calm down a bit, will ya? He challenged us to a match on his own accord. We should praise his conviction as his senpais.” (Cashel)

“This can also count as guidance, you know ssu~ . Raji, you are not allowed to break yet another one with all your strength ssu~ . Whatever you do, the basics are to be very very gentle ssu~ .” (-)

“I don’t really understand such difficult words! I will merely do him in just like always.” (Raji)

“As always a muscle-brain ssu~ …” (-)

Cashel ran across those two about half a year ago.

While they were raiding and scavenging a certain village, although it was by coincidence he happened to pass by and thus their cooperation began.

To begin with, Cashel himself was at that time also searching for prey in that area.

Although he is an adventurer, he also carries an aspect of deriving pleasure from murdering others.

Occasionally he used his well-featured outer appearance and at other times he displayed his mastery of the sword in front of them as a lure. Since he possessed the skills [Spy] and [Hide] he smoothly coerced them while hiding his true intentions.

The name of the small man is Gimul (T/N: >> Gimuru <<).

He was a member of a famous band of thieves before the group was annihilated in a fight with a high-ranking adventurer.

Being aware of the nature of that adventurer due to his [Eyes of Identification], he escaped before anyone else could.

Though it was sly, this swift action saved his life.



From then on he lived his life filled with a void every day.

Before he ran away, he took out one knife.

He realized that the means of him surviving was only one way.

The giant man was Raji.

By nature, he was a mercenary wandering the battlefields in his search for blood.

However, he not only slaughtered the enemy but occasionally ordinary citizens as well. During war time both countries agreed to put him on the wanted list for his brutal nature.

Although it was also amusing to kill the bounty hunters who came for his head, it gradually became unpleasant.

Heading towards far off lands, he moved from nation to nation.

Those three different characters met in that village in the end.

Without even the time for the guild and nation to send reinforcements, they destroyed the village completely.

Leaving no more than a gruesome scene behind, Cashel used [Hide] on the thing resembling a mountain of corpses.

Although it would be exposed due to the level of the skill being Grade F, if [Eyes of Identification] were to be used, it was a temporary solution until they could dispose of it.

Having found kindred spirits, the three proceeded to agree on a mutual goal they could do together while keeping their different conduct.



As it was quite hilarious that their base was the town Pazu they enjoyed themselves while not leaving a trail of their deeds. Recently they were overdoing it though.

A rumor that Cashel was abusing his position as an adventurer to hunt rookies had begun to spread.

From that time onwards it went so far that suspicious looks were directed at Cashel wherever he went. Occasionally Gimul and Raji simply considered it to be all right to abandon Cashel.

That didn’t mean they would reveal his actions to the public right away though. When the time was ripe, they would sell out Cashel in order to gain the achievement of catching him by themselves …

Recently Kelvin came to the town Pazu. Cashel was absent on a campaign. Gimul and Raji spent their days drinking in the bar.

It was just a matter of time before they would target Kelvin who was completing requests consecutively in a short amount of time.

“Still, going ahead and causing us work … to actually defeat a Black Soulknight solo … I hate it that I don’t know what he is thinking. What do you think?”

“No idea. I wonder if he is a simpleton confident in his own victory? Not that it would make any difference.”

“Good! Good! Defeating him will be well worth it!” (Raji)

“… Maa, at that time I will leave it to you, Raji.” (Gimul)

Gimul and Raji didn’t notice.

Cashel had planned to use this match to get rid of them to begin with.

Cashel had realized it himself, too.

It wouldn’t be unusual for himself to be accused of the crime of hunting rookies.

The place the Black Soulknights appeared was an old castle filled with evil spirits classifying it as a Rank D dungeon.

He was told that the Black Soulknights appeared inside the deepest part of the castle. Of those drawn in and those gathered by the guild to tackle the Rank D request, no one has returned as a result.

On that occasion Cashel went on an expedition and using his [Spy] skill he scouted the area. Quite obviously it wasn’t just a Black Soulknight.

Let’s use that guy to remove the nuisances.

Cashel refined his plan to use the rookie hunt as bait.

Unlike the rookie adventurer, those three had miscalculated. After all they didn’t particularly pay any attention to him and neither were they vigilant towards him.

At the point of time when Gimul’s [Eyes of Identification] were resisted, they ought to have noticed it.

For him to be endowed with skills far beyond Grade C.

Translation Notes

1 danna … can mean a lot of things, I opted for boss here as it fits the setting perfectly.

2 exclamation of relief or disappointment, border line to a sfx but well not quite.
After receiving the request, Kelvin left the guild and went towards the store in order to get new weapons and armor.

As he had saved up a few funds from doing Rank E requests as is, it ended up this way. He wanted to keep his promise to Angie-san.

He sold the wood rod and instead got a new green wand. The same happened to his old armor, he replaced his travelers equipment with a magic robe.

His new wand had a good affinity with green magic, so he anticipated to receive a magic boost from it.

“For the time being I am paying attention to the three guys with [Presence Perception]. But it’s strange that they didn’t start it inside the town.” (Kelvin)

『Because there are too many risks involved, you know. I think they will try to attack us in the dungeon.』 (Merufina)

[Presence Perception] is a skill that lets me vaguely feel the presence of living things in my direct surroundings.

However, if you have once identified and remembered someone’s signature, it became also possible to track their whereabouts and be aware of their situation, if you paid attention to it.

Acquiring this skill is a good countermeasure against [Spy]. It was an unexpected gain.

I had been aware of the fact that his comrades were in the adventurer’s bar beforehand.

After all I had checked the statuses of every adventurer in there using my [Eyes of Identification] in advance.

In the case it was a dangerous person I remembered their status and face in order to work out a plan for countermeasures if necessary.

Among those there were some especially dangerous individuals. Those guys were Gimul and Raji, who drank sake everyday in the bar.

Both, their levels and statuses, were far superior to the other adventurers.

And, the deciding factor was that both had the same kind of title as in Cashel’s case.

Gimul’s was Villain and Raji’s was Multicide.1

Because those two were everyday sitting together gulping down sake, I was looking out for them even if it was something unpleasant to do.

『Incidentally, when Cashel came calling out to us, those two were the quickest to notice it.』 (Merufina)

“Ah, especially Gimul, because he has Grade C [Eyes of Identification]. It’s a good thing that I raised [Hide] early on.” (Kelvin)

At the time I finished the request on the first day, I was quite intent on obtaining that skill.

If I had been just a bit slower, it might have lead to a serious disadvantage now.

However, I didn’t expect another guy who had [Eyes of Identification] besides me to join in either.

It was a riddle why he had stayed idle without saying anything.

Even if he had such a title, wouldn’t it have been in vain to try having him arrested unless he was caught red-handed?

“Looking at the extent of their statuses, it feels like Raji is a combat professional while Gimul’s duty is to supports with reconnaissance.”(Kelvin)

Gimul – 19 years old – Human – Thief

Level: 27

Title: Villain

HP: 92/92

MP: 36/36

STR: 84

STA: 81

AGI: 132

MATK: 30



LUK: 29

Skills:

Throwing (Grade E)

Eyes of Identification (Grade C)

Hide Detection (Grade C)

Skill points: 6

Raji – 33 years old – Human – Berserker

Level: 36

Title: Multicide

HP: 370/370

MP: 0/0

STR: 230 <+40>

STA: 169 <+40>

AGI: 37

MATK: 37

LUK: 51

Skills:



Martial Arts (Grade C)

Herculean Strength (Grade D)

Iron Wall (Grade D)

Natural Recovery (Grade F)

Skill points: 2

I see … at any rate, let’s head towards the Old Castle of Evil Spirits.

It seems those three won’t take any action until I start to make my move.

It’s not a situation where waiting for a long time will resolve it with a victory.

Traveling north across the forest where I woke up for the first time in this world, the Old Castle of Evil Spirits was a short walk ahead following an animal trail.

Just a little while ago this Rank D dungeon was an activity point for adventurers who had the necessary skills. Since the Black Soulknight appeared its popularity disappeared over night.

For that reason, I am the only person at this dungeon right now.

It seems Cashel’s party was still traveling within the forest.

“Be that as it may, not a single monster with the undead attribute came out …” (Kelvin)

I complain while using [Wind] to fly up.

『Isn’t that an attribute you are weak against, Master?』 (Merufina)

“I don’t like to look at those things.” (Kelvin)

In this dungeon there were many monsters such as zombies and spirits. Their typical appearance wasn’t very good to look at.

Mainly it was a matter of emotions though.

It’s not as bad that I am trembling, but disgusting things remain disgusting.

Maa, as I advance I will get used to this feeling, too,  and it will fade away.

Because I am also able to destroy them by myself, Clotho’s turn hasn’t come up yet.

Currently it was on standby within me.

Incidentally, after defeating several tens of zombies, I arrived before a huge door.

“… I don’t want to enter.” (Kelvin)

I felt a powerful presence behind that huge door in front of me.

“Cashel’s party … did they enter this dungeon just now? If they follow the path where I just cleared all monsters, they will arrive here in about 5 minutes.” (Kelvin)

『Their strategy is to attack Master in a pincer attack while Master is fighting the Black Soulknight?』 (Merufina)

Surveying the vicinity a bit, Kelvin pondered.

In front of the huge door there was a medium-sized room. Behind him there was nothing but the passageway he used to arrive here.

“Alright, let’s begin the preliminary arrangements.” (Kelvin)

 

 

Translation Notes

1 The original would be someone who slaughtered masses of people/ someone doing atrocities. Well I opted against Mass Murderer cause it sounded too plain! ;)
CHAPTER 10 – TRAP
After the preparations were done, I waited for a little while.

Then Cashel’s party finally arrived at the inner room I am waiting at.

“Ah, Cashel-san arrived, too, huh? Those two gentlemen over there are members of your party, right? Somehow it seems that on the other side of that huge door the Black Soulknight is laying in wait.” (Kelvin)

“Although it was a match to determine who would subjugate it first, you went through the trouble of waiting for us? Very gentlemanly, aren’t you?” (Cashel)

Did I go contrary to Cashel’s expectations? He wears a slightly surprised expression.

Just as Merufina had declared a little while ago, obviously they had planned to assault me while I was fighting the Black Soulknight. Or maybe they planned to pick the time when I was neglecting my back during the combat.

For the person who challenged them to the match himself to wait for them, they didn’t seem to have considered that possibility at all.

“It appears that the Black Soulknight is restricted as long you don’t go on the other side of the door. Because strangely it didn’t come to attack over here.” (Kelvin)

Kii….

While saying this, the door opened a little.

Through the gap in the door a giant in a daunting pose wearing a jet black full plate armor could be seen.

In his hand he held an all black bastard sword. 1

Rather than waiting for its prey to come, it was plainly obvious that it was protecting something.

“And, what? Since it is impossible for you to defeat it by yourself after all, you want to cooperate with us?!” (Raji)

Raji raised his voice.

I want him to stop because his loud voice rings in the ears in this airtight space.

“Not quite correct. Of course, I will win the match. However, if someone were to interfere in my fight with the Black Soulknight, it would be troublesome. No, maybe I should rather say I would be troubled if you were to defeat the Black Soulknight?” (Kelvin)

I stopped using keigo.2 As I returned to using casual speech, the three people slowly began to enter combat stances.

Cashel and Raji advanced as vanguards while Gimul fell back to the rear.

“… Danna, this bastard already knew about us ssu~” (Gimul)

“Fuu, noticing it and yet still approaching us solo, not even comprehending the significance of that. Were you employed by the guild? Or, are you aiming for Raji’s3bounty?” (Cashel)

“Oh no, I am just concerned about the match. To begin with, the first ones to come charging are you guys, don’t you agree?” (Kelvin)

“Even then, you lured us her for the purpose of trapping us, no? The reason for you pretending to be a rookie was to gain so many achievements and to get us interested in your case.” (Cashel)

“You, what a guy … Indeed! Your skill rank is bound to be high!” (Raji)

Somehow they deepened their misunderstanding of the conversation … it must be because the skill is high!

『The situation isn’t bad. Please go ahead and make some sort of decision.』(Merufina)

hei hei 4

“Maa, either of them is fine. Although you planned to let me walk into your trap, it is you guys who walked into my trap. It’s merely such a story.” (Kelvin)

“Hehe, newcomer-danna, if you are going to pick a place, isn’t this a slightly poor location? There is nothing but the entrance and exit in the back and behind this huge door there is the Black Soulknight. On top of that, the situation at this moment is 3 versus 1. That’s plenty disadvantageous, no?” (Raji)

Ah, that’s right.

As it is right now, that is, but …

“Isn’t it enough of this tedious talk? You are merely scared, the huge oaf over there, hurry up and start the fight.” (Kelvin)

“Who is scared in this case, eh !? Lowly people such as magicians are just talking big lies! So, bye bye!” (Raji)

Raji heads in a straight line for me.

Just as I thought, he was provoked with the cheap provocations.

Obvious as daylight, a simple-minded person.

“Raji! Don’t get provoked!” (Cashel)



Cashel yelled right away, but it was too late.

The magic I prepared in advanced began its invocation.

“Uo !?” (Raji)

Up until just now the ground was empty, but suddenly it changed into a swamp restricting Raji’s legs.

“You son of a bitch! What have you done?!” (Raji)

“Well, I am sure you want to know what the hell I have done.” (Kelvin)

There is no need to go “What!” He was welcomed by the Grade D green magic [Fetters of quagmire – Mud Bind] which was concealed with [Hide].

This magic changes the foothold to a bottomless quagmire snatching away the mobility of your opponent.

Strictly speaking, the grounds surface changed into a quagmire merely below the target. Thus there are many situations where it ends up being exposed, for example if the one in duty of support in a party used magic. The concealment this time wasn’t seen through and because of his ego he went straight into the trap by his own accord.

“This is … [Hide]?” (Cashel)

“Ah, it wasn’t caught by my [Hide Detection] either ssu~” (Gimul)

Maa, with the degree of Grade C it only has a slim chance to be seen through.

Considering this, [Hide] is a quite decent skill actually.

“Shit, such a degree of quagmire. Having my physical strength …!” (Raji)

“You better don’t try to move by force. After all it is bottomless.” (Kelvin)

While giving this advice, I shot [Wind] at each of the three people.

Cashel advanced while avoiding it. He headed towards me as he made a detour around the quagmire.

Although Raji was hit, he strangely didn’t receive any damage.



Gimul was …

“Oi, Gimul, you bastard, don’t just run away!” (Raji)

“Hehe, don’t hate me danna, Raji, before I am crushed to death it’s easier to leave. That newcomer-san is bad news. That’s what my instinct tells me ssu~ . So long!” (Gimul)

『Master, Gimul has begun to escape. Cashel will reach you in about 10 seconds.』(Merufina)

I know.

Even so, I had expected this to happen.

“Block the passage, Clotho” (Kelvin)

My magic range extends from this room until the passageway.

Therefore it is possible to summon Clotho in the back of Cashel’s party.

“Wh-What did you do!?” (Gimul)

Casting its light. the magic square was instantly deployed at the entrance to the passageway.

Being on guard, Gimul stopped.

As the light faded, Gimul saw the slime which wasn’t there before.

Having the same degree of height as Raji, it was an enormous slime.

Clotho – 0 years old – Gender: none – Slime Gluttonia (T/N: >> Gurantonia <<)

Level: 12

Title: The one who eats until exhaustion

HP: 465/465 <+100>

MP: 176/176 <+100>

STR: 223 <+100>

STA: 231 <+100>

AGI: 196 <+100>

MATK: 180 <+100>

LUK: 191 <+100>

Skills:

Overeating (Unique Skill) (T/N: !!!!!!!!!! Are you a frigging spider? xD)

Absorption (Grade D)

Storage (Grade B)

Stun Reduction by half

Buffs: Summoning Technique / Mana Supply (Grade S)

Skill points: 50

Translation Notes

1 Taiken … can also mean large sword and long sword so could be a broadsword or a bastard sword as well. I went with bastard sword for this one.

2 Polite speech

3 The author wrote Raji’s group here, but as far as I know neither Cashel nor Gimul got bounties on their heads, so I went with singular here.

4 yea yea
CHAPTER 11 – SLIME GLUTTONIA
 

Just a few days ago Clotho evolved into a different slime.

As usual we took a subjugation request, obviously.

It happened when Clotho was absorbing the monster he had defeated.

“Well then, with this today’s request is finished successfully, too … Clotho, oi, what’s wrong?” (Kelvin)

Clotho had abruptly stopped moving.

Its slime body entered a state of continuous trembling *puru puru*. Even calling out to it, didn’t cause it to move at all.

Additionally, using the communication network didn’t yield any results either as it didn’t react to anything.

“Are you alright, Clotho !?” (Kelvin)

『Master, Clotho has started to evolve.』 (Merufina)

“Evolution … the thing you talked about before?” (Kelvin)

『Yes. Although I don’t understand what has become the trigger for it yet. Let’s watch the situation for now.』 (Merufina)

Merufina is correct. I will also watch it.

Honestly, I am terribly worried and the suspense is killing me.

『It should be anytime now.』 (Merufina)

As Merufina said so, Clotho’s body began to radiate a bright light.

The light settled down and Clotho’s body became visible … Are, what’s up with this kind of body size …

“C-Cl-Clotho, you became quite huge …” (Kelvin)

Previously Clotho’s height approximately reached to my knee, but now it easily exceeds my full stature because of its growth.

Even if it was called a growth period, there should be a limit to it, I would think.

『… Slime Gluttonia』 (Merufina)

“That’s the species Clotho evolved into?” (Kelvin)

Remembering it, I used my [Eyes of Identification] to retrieve Clotho’s status.

“Incredible, all statuses across the board were risen, weren’t they? … This [Overeating] skill, although it is called an unique skill, what’s the difference to the regular skills?” (Kelvin)

『Every race has an unique skill. Or a chosen original skill which is only owned by the individual. Contrary to a regular skill, those skills manifest a powerful effect. The new [Overeating] skill Clotho has just acquired apparently is a skill that allows it to eat a portion of its target’s status to absorb it into it’s own status.』 (Merufina)

Then in such a situation, wouldn’t it become absurdly powerful in proportion to eating without limit?

Up until now, Clotho has absorbed all the monsters we defeated for the subjugation requests. That would result in its status to raise each time it has absorbed a monster.

In theory it’s the advent of the strongest Clotho!

『This time Clotho has evolved into the species1 “Slime Gluttonia.” A monster that appeared several hundred years ago in the Water nation Toularge (T/N: >> Toraji <<). Although Clotho is still very young, the monster that appeared at Toularge was an adult. Toularge was a magic nation having dozens of court magicians specialized in Blue magic. No matter what grand magic was used, the Slime Gluttonia ate it all in order to extinguish it. Toularge was driven to partial destruction just before a hero incidentally appeared who defeated the slime.』 (Merufina)

It seems as if Clotho is a Maou … also, Heroes exist here after all.

『In reality, Slime Gluttonia’s are passed on as semi-Maou class in history records. As for the case of heroes, they exist in this age as well. Given that they were transferred to this world just a while ago.』 (Merufina)

“… Hai? 2 ” (kelvin)



『Because the priestess of the Divine Empire Delamis (T/N: >> Deramisu <<) performed the ceremony of Otherworld Summoning. Doesn’t it feel like it would be currently a good time to do so? It’s difficult to gather good looking men and women.』 (Merufina)

“You, such a dreadful way to gloss over the main point without any hesitation … Maa, going with the flow, is there some kind of template of the Maou revival?” (Kelvin)

『Something along those lines. Master, please be relieved as these affairs have absolutely no relation to you. Because I am tired of such events as well, it’s better to not be involved with them, please.』 (Merufina)

“Ah, I see …” (Kelvin)

We will wait-and-see if I am not related to this.

The situation with Clotho is more important now.

There will be a celebration today!

◆◇◆◇◆

“W-Wh-What’s this slime? … I don’t know this species ssu~ !” (Gimul)

Clotho appeared in front of his eyes, throwing Gimul into extreme confusion.

Even so, that was only natural, as he used his [Eyes of Identification] to see the status of Clotho.

An unknown species boasting status values far above his own with an unique skill in spite of its low level … furthermore buffed with something like the Summoning Technique.

Without sufficiently grasping what he was seeing, he ended up in total confusion.

“Oi, Gimul, what’s wrong! What’s with this slime!?” (Raji)

“Gimul, fall back! You are too close to the monster!” (Cashel)

Cashel had stopped. Raji raised his voice while struggling with the quagmire. Gimul couldn’t stop his trembling.

“Clotho, do it” (Kelvin)



While paying attention to Cashel, I give Clotho the order.

Clotho transformed a part of his body into a whip and attacked Gimul.

Naturally, Gimul wasn’t able to react.

“Gu … Ha …” (Gimul)

His body received Clotho’s attack. It blew him away until he hit the wall.

He was only breathing faintly already.

“Maa, with an endurance of 81 that should be expected.” (Kelvin)

“You, even [Eyes of Identification] too …” (Cashel)

Cashel turned to me as he prepared his sword.

“Oi oi, your expression is changing for the worse, Cashel-senpai.” (Kelvin)

“Gu …” (Raji)

For a brief moment a loud sound reverberated.

It was Raji.

“Uoooo! <Furious Fist of Ogre’s Wrath3 > ooooo !” (Raji)

A red aura was wrapped around Raji’s fist as he stroke the quagmire.

The swamp swallowing him up to his knees evaporated.

In Raji’s eyes Clotho was reflected. He was laughing happily just like a child.

“Cashe~~~l! I will keep this slime company! You can do something about the man!” (Raji)

“… Considering your muscle-brain, it is an appropriate decision. I will manage somehow.” (Cashel)

Tsk, Cashel has regained his calm, huh?

That Raji is a battle maniac with a haphazard behaviour. It seems that this time it took a troublesome direction.

『You were a little too self-conceited. You should have finished him off while he was bound by the quagmire.』 (Merufina)

Ah, that’s my miss.

If you seal someone, then seal them completely. If you do someone in, then do them in completely.

After acquiring the [Courage] skill, I thought it would be fine, but I guess there is still some hesitation.

It is necessary to reflect on this.

“Fuu, then, it’s time to redeem myself, huh?” (Kelvin)

“What’s the problem? It may be difficult, but will you let me receive your full power? Rookie-san.” (Cashel)

“Ah, I’d like to do that but that would be troublesome, too. I will allow you practice with a partner of higher skill, Cashel-senpai” (Kelvin) (T/N: *fufufu*)

Translation Notes

1 Merufina calls it a species/race/family … but to me it sounds more like a subspecies. I will leave the sub- away for the moment even though I find it a bit odd.

2 Usually it would be “Yes?” but in English “What?” would fit much better, so I left the original.

3 怒鬼烈拳 … for those interested.
CHAPTER 12 – CONCLUSION
“Seii! <Furious Kick of Ogre’s Wrath> uuu !!!” (Raji)

Raji clad his right leg in red aura and attacked Clotho with a roundhouse kick using his entire body’s force.

It was a serious attack of a Rank B adventurer possessing true strength having enough power to blow a hole into the castle’s walls.

The pressure exerted resembled the power used to break Kelvin’s bottomless swamp he had conjured with Mud Bind.

It seems he learned this skill as an adventurer. Taking it on from the front would lead to an instant death with little chance to escape that fate.

Thinking of it as he had forged his [Martial Art] skill in his time as a mercenary, you could only call it a finishing move.

*poyon* …

The power of that finishing move struck Clotho’s body while giving off a stupid sound at the same time. It ended up being completely absorbed.

It was the effect of the skill [Stun Reduction by Half] Clotho possessed.

Thus, Raji’s compatibility towards Clotho was overwhelmingly bad.

“You shitty eyeball ! What’s this slime’s body made of !? My technique had no effect at all !” (Raji)

If Gimul had told Raji about Clotho’s status he had read by using [Eyes of Identification], he would have known about the reason for that.

Now there was no way for him to be aware of it though.

From the start Raji wasn’t someone who was overly knowledgeable about the details of skills.

“Gu, not yet !” (Raji)

Just like Clotho dealt with Gimul, it transformed a part of its body into a whip and began to attack Raji.

However, the number of whips had increased to 4.

The attacks approached Raji from all four directions. Focusing on defense, Raji’s somehow managed to endure the current situation by parrying the attacks.

The choice to avoid them didn’t even exist.

Clotho also rivaled Raji in physical strength and endurance. However, there was a hopeless difference in speed.

Consequently, there was nothing but Raji’s situation getting gradually worse and worse.

While being agitated, Raji suddenly threw himself on the ground in order to get out of the range of Clotho’s body whips.

Raju retreated from that body in the opposite direction.

“… What will you do now?” (Raji)

Following his line of sight, there was a quagmire ahead.

Incidentally comparing it to the size of Raji, it was very small.

Clotho absorbed the quagmire Kelvin had created with magic earlier.

—– In that case, Clotho transform the [Fetters of Quagmire – Mud Bind] that was torn earlier into nourishment for yourself.

Clotho faithfully followed Kelvin’s order and absorbed the magic power of Mud Bind.

The tiny damage it had received was completely healed. The excess magic power was stored away in [Storage].

Besides storing magic power this skill [Storage] was able to hold onto items, weapons and armor, so to speak it was an Item Box.

Furthermore it was possible for Clotho to store a part of its body in it to adjust the size of its own body in such manner.

“You, your power has also increased !?” (Raji)

The attacks of the whips further gained in strength. At last Raji became unable to move his body.

By now Raji was in a condition of being barely alive.

Seeing this chance, Clotho used its whips to entwine the limbs of Raji and thus sealed his movement.

It jumped up in a big way as is.

“I, I give uuuuuuuuup !!!” (Raji)

The large body crashed onto Raji.

Taking the full brunt Raji’s HP dropped to 0. Without care Clotho began to devour him … (T/N: *fufufufu*)

 

◆◇◆◇◆

 

Cashel brandished his beloved sword and casted the Grade E White magic [Auspicious(TN: >> Osupishasu <<) Luck ] 1 on himself.

This magic granted the target automatic recovery and added a weak <Luck Up>.

It was in order to increase the advantage in combat even if it was just a little. It was a popular tactic to use magic to apply strengthening to oneself.

In fact, Kelvin finished casting the Grade D Green magic [Wind Speed – Sonic Boots] on himself increasing his agility.

For adventurers having a limit on available skill points, they tended to focus on improving one skill.

Rather than obtaining a great number of Grade F skills, there also were a lot more benefits in the method of having one superior skill.

There were some people obtaining nothing but Grade F skills as well, but in reality there was a limit to how many skills you were able to possess.

That limit differed for each person, some could have 10 while others were able to have 20, too.

However, it was practically impossible to know the limit without actually testing it out.



Cashel was what the society would call a pretending prodigy considering the upper limit of the skill points he had earned.

But, he was still doing quite well as he had ranked up to Rank B.

That was the extent of his talent. However, he wasn’t able to breach the wall called Rank A.

He single-mindedly focused on leveling his [Sword Mastery] up until now, after having recently racked his brains about what to do.

Thinking about it, he might also have reached the title “Murderer” by aiming to gain vast amounts of experience.

This time he had planned to kill Gimul and Raji as well. Most likely that was the main reason for doing it.

Of course, because of Kelvin all his plans would come to nothing in the end.

“You are a monster trainer … no, a summoner, right?” (Cashel)

“… Ah, that’s right” (Kelvin)

“Hahaha, I have been an adventurer for a long time, but this is the first time I see one myself. That’s the summoning technique, huh? I see, it’s a powerful skill.” (Cashel)

Cashel nodded as if he was agreeing to something.

“If that’s the case, my level will increase some more if I defeat you, who holds this skill.” (Cashel)

“You, have you been murdering all this time for such a reason?” (Kelvin)

“It’s a cruel method, isn’t it? Killing people gives you a lot more experience than defeating monsters. And if it is a high level adventurer even more so.” (Cashel)

“You, aren’t you actually avoiding fighting those who are stronger than you?” (Kelvin)

“… What was that?” (Cashel)

The facial expression of Cashel, who was smiling up until now, became clouded.

“Didn’t you remain as a Rank D adventurer because you were scared of monsters that are stronger than you? Didn’t you only target rookie-adventurers because you were trembling in fear facing people who are stronger than you?” (Kelvin)

“D-Do-Don’t s-spout such f-fo-foolishness! For me such …” (Cashel)

“Maa, it seems you are not aware of it yourself. But I can’t accept that there are victims because of you.” (Kelvin)

Kelvin raised his wand.

“I am burning to win over those who are stronger than me. Won’t I stay a weakling forever, if I can’t do this much?” (Kelvin) 2

“Shut up! I’m not in denial! Aaaahh !!!” (Cashel)

Has he lost his cool? Cashel charged ahead with all his might.

He is trying to make up his naivety with guts.

He slipped right under Kelvin’s nose swiftly like the wind getting as close as point blank.



“Show me if you can dodge this! <Swift Sword of the Mist> 3 !” (Cashel)

Cashel used his secret skill <Swift Sword of the Mist>.

The sword disappeared and furthermore the sword assaulted Kelvin in an instant. Cashel himself switched into his [Spy] state in order to hit the target hidden next to it. At least, it was supposed to happen like this.

“Barrier … is it!?” (Cashel)

Before Cashel could swing down his sword, a huge, seriously strong barrier appeared reaching all the way to the high ceiling of the inner room.

It was the Rank C Green magic [Absolute Castle Wall of the Precipice 4 – Ground Rampart (T/N: >> Asuranpato <<)] belonging to the top-ranking defensive magic types.

As its durability exceeded a weaker castle wall, Cashel’s sword strike ended up losing all its meaning.

“This, it’s just like an earth wall!” (Cashel)

“Thanks to this wall you lost sight of me though.” (Kelvin)

“You …” (Cashel)

After Kelvin cast [Absolute Castle Wall of the Precipice – Ground Rampart], it was already too late for Cashel to come over from his side to Kelvin’s side.

While Cashel’s attention was bound to the wall in front of him, Kelvin used [Wind Speed – Sonic Boots] to boost his agility reaching a terrifying level of speed.

It wasn’t possible to perceive his movements anymore either.

“… the heck, you …” (Cashel)

Cashel eagerly turned around.

The last thing he saw was the tempest bastard sword — imitating its shape was the wand clad in surging winds.

With one swing of the sword Cashel was cut into two alongside the [Absolute Castle Wall of the Precipice – Ground Rampart].

Choosing the Grade A Green magic [Supreme Sword of the Insane Whirlwind 5 – Vortex Edge] spelled the end of the fight.

“Un, after all the sword of an amateur is no good. It looks like I have to get the [Sword Mastery] skill, huh?” (Kelvin)

That voice was the only sound left remaining.

 

 

 

Kelvin – 23 years old – male – Human – Summoner

Level: 17

Title: none

HP: 175/175

MP: 350/350 <-100 at the time Clotho is summoned, Merufina?>

STR: 38

STA: 39

AGI: 106

MATK: 172

LUK: 140

Skills:

Summoning (Grade S) Open Slots: 8

Eyes of Identification (Grade S)

Green Magic (Grade A)

Presence Perception (Grade D)

Hide (Grade B)

Courage (Grade C)

Army Commander (Grade B)

Growth rate x2

Skill points x2

Experience sharing

 

 

Translation Notes

1 No idea how to smartly spell it any other way. I split the katakana, got the spelling of the various parts and combined them again.

2 Kelvin expresses what he assesses Cashel to be thinking.

3 霞迅剣 for those wanting to know.

4 絶崖城壁 for those having a better idea.

5 狂飆の覇剣
第１３話　黒霊騎士
Chapter 13 Black Soul Knight

カシェルとの戦闘を終え、俺はクロトと合流した。
After finishing the battle with Cashel, I joined Clotho.

「クロトも無事のようだな」
“Clotho seems to be safe”

三人組の最後の一人であるギムルの倒れる場所へ進む。既にギムルは息絶えたようだ。
I advance to the place where Gimuru which is last one of group of 3 falls down to. Gimuru seemed to already cease to breathe.

「めぼしい物は…… カシェルの剣くらいか。クロト、死体を吸収してくれ。あと、ＭＰ回復薬も出してくれ」
“The valuable thing…… the sword of Cashel? Clotho, absorb the corpse. And take out also an MP recovery potion.

鑑定すると、カシェルの剣はＣ級武器“ミスリルソード”だと判った。特殊な効果はないが、攻撃力が高く結構良い剣のようだ。クロトに保管しておいてもらおう。ちなみに俺が装備している深緑の杖とマジックローブはＥ級だ。低級依頼を10回達成したところで、高級品を買える訳がないのだ。
When appraised, it has been understood, the sword of Cashel is class C weapon “[Mithril Sword]”. Though there is no special effect, the offensive power of the sword is high and considerably good. I will have Clotho keep it. By the way magic robe and cane of jade that I is equipped is class E. In the place where a low request was achieved ten times, there is no reason that can buy quality goods(TLN:doesn’t makes much sense for me).

クロトがカシェルとギムルの亡骸を吸収している間に、クロトの保管に入れていた回復薬を飲んでＭＰを回復させる。カシェルとの戦いは結果を見れば圧勝であったが、実の所それほど余裕はなかった。煽りに煽って激昂させもしたが、ステータス面で負ける部分も多く、スキルに頼った戦い方になってしまった。
While Clotho has absorbed remains of Cashel and Gimuru, MP is recovered taking the recovery potion put in Clotho’s storage. Although the fight against Cashel was overwhelming victory and if you look at the results, actually there is no room to spare. Though it fuels and it boiled to the fuel, The part defeated on the status side is many, too, It has become how that relies on the skill to fight(TLN:I don’t get this).

『カシェルに色々仰っていましたが、あなた様もそれほど強者と戦ったことありませんよね？』
“I have various things to say to Cashel, you have not fought against a strong man that much too?”

「これから戦う予定なんですよー」
“I am going to fight from now on”

そう、ここまでは前哨戦。これからが本番だ。扉の隙間から鑑定眼で確認したが、これから戦う悪霊の古城のボス・黒霊騎士は俺達よりも格上のモンスターだ。
So, even here is a skirmish. I confirmed it with appraisal from the gap of the door, after this I have to fight the old castle of evil spirit’s black soul knight – a monster that is higher rank than us.

＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝
ジェラール　138歳　男　黒霊騎士長　暗黒騎士
Gerard – 138 years old – Male – black soul knight chief – Dark knight
レベル：53
Level: 53
称号　：憂国の守護者
Title: Guardian of Patriotism
ＨＰ　：647/647
ＭＰ　：162/162
筋力(Physical Strength)　：478（+160）
耐久(Endurance)　：490（+160）
敏捷(Agility)　：163
魔力(Magic Power)　：112
幸運(Luck)　：97
スキル：忠誠（固有スキル）
Skills: Loyalty (inherent skill)
剣術（Ａ級） Fencing (Class A)
剛力（Ｂ級） Herculean strength (Class B)
鉄壁（Ｂ級） Impregnable guard (Class B)
心眼（Ｃ級） The mind’s eye (Class C)
軍団指揮（Ｂ級） Army corps command(B class)



闇属性半減 Darkness attribute reduction by half
スキルポイント (Skill points)：178
＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝

「何というか、すごく仲間にしたいな！」
“What do you say, I want to make a friend very much!”
『緊張感の欠片もありませんね』
“There is not the fragment of the feeling of strain, too”

メルフィーナのツッコミはさて置き、今回の相手はネームドモンスター。名前持ちだ。事前に調査した情報によると、ネームドモンスターは知性があり、人語を話す個体もいると言う。代表的なのはドラゴン種だ。他にも人型は高確率で話すって書いてあったっけな。
Let’s leave Tsukkomi of Merufi-na, the other party is a named monster. It is name durability(TLN: Gerard?). According to the information that I investigated beforehand, named monsters are intelligent, it is said that there is an individual that speaks the human speech, too. The typical one is the dragon kind. It is also written that humanoids have high probability to speak.

『知性あるモンスターとの契約は一筋縄ではありません。弱らせるだけでなく、あなた様を認めさせなければなりません』
“Contract with the intelligent monster is not tricky. Only not weakening, but also recognize you”

認めさせる、か。一概に戦って勝利だけでは済みそうにないな。
I need to be recognized? A war does not seem to get off only with victory unconditionally(TLN: even if he won by any means, something like that).

『調教師にも言えることですが、レベルの低いモンスターを育て、進化させるのが一般的です。いきなりボスを配下にしようとする者はいません』
“It is normal to trainers to raise low-ranked monster. Suddenly trying to make a boss into a subordinate.”
「クロトをブルースライムから進化させるのと同じか」
“Is it the same as evolve Clotho from the blue slime?”
『クロトの進化は異例なのですが…… その認識でよろしいかと』
“The evolution of Clotho is exceptional … … Is it all right by the recognition?”



「まあ、無理かどうかはやってみないと分からんよ」
“Well, we won’t know wether if it will work if we don’t try”
クロトに向き直る。
I turn toward Clotho.

「クロト、黒霊騎士は俺にとって、お前にとっても初めての強敵だ。出し惜しみはするな」
“Clotho, the black soul knight for me, is the first powerful enemy for you. Do not be stingy.” (TLN: sounds like don’t hold back or something)

俺とクロトに強化魔法を重ね掛けする。俺の魔力の高さなら暫くは効果が続くだろう。それが終われば準備万端だ。クロトを背後に控えさせ、大扉を開いていく。黒霊騎士は先程と全く同じ装いだ。漆黒の大剣を地面に突き刺し、後方にある王座を護る様に仁王立ち。揺らがないその様は、モンスターではなく本物の騎士のようだ。
I piled up reinforcement magic to me and Clotho. With my high level of magical power the effect might last a little bit longer. If it is over; completely. I let Clotho wait in the rear and open the large door. Black soul knight’s attire is exactly the same as earlier. A large sword of the jet black is thrust into ground, and in imposing stance as protecting the throne at the back(I didn’t get this part). The state not to shake is like the genuine knight not a monster.

黒霊騎士を見据えながら、王座へとゆっくりと歩いて行く。ちょうど部屋の半ばまで来た辺りで、渋い声が響いた。
I walk to throne slowly while staring on the black soul knight. In the area where I came to until the middle of the room, a quiet voice just sounded.

「何用だ」
“State your business” (TLN: more of “why are you here?”)

意外にもダンディーな声で少し驚いた。胆力のスキルがなければ顔に出ていたかもしれない。
I was surprised at an unexpectedly dandy voice a little. It might be reflected on a face without my skill of the courage.

「やっと喋ってくれたか。ここまで歩いてくるまで微動だにしないから心配したぞ」
“Did you finally talk? I was worried because you didn’t moved until I walked”
「いらぬ世話だ。城の最奥までやって来て迷子ということはあるまい、何用だ」
“Unnecessary care. A lost child came in the deepest part of the castle, state your business”
「お前を討伐に…… ってのが最初の目的だったんだが、気が変わったんだ。俺は召喚士のケルヴィン、お前と契約したい」
“For your subjugation… is what supposed to be my purpose but I changed my mind. I am summoner Kelvin, want to make contract with you.”

黒霊騎士が一瞬固まる。
The black soul knight hardens for an instant. (TLN: stiffen?)

「……貴様が我と契約、従わせるというのか」
“…you bastard want me to have contract with and follow you?”
「そうだ」
“It is so. ”
「ク……」
“Ku…”

あ、やべ。黒霊騎士が体を小刻みに震わせている。怒らせてしまったか？
Ah, yabe. The black soul knight shakes a body little by little. Have I angered him?

「ク、ククク……　ガァーハッハッハッハ！！」
“Ku, Kukuku……　 Gaa;-hahhahhahha.!”

突然、黒霊騎士はそれまでのイメージと一変して、これまで溜めん込んでいたものを全て吐き出すかのように笑い出した。当然、内心俺はポカンとしている。
Suddenly, The black soul knight changed completely with a previous image and burst into laughter as if I discharged all the crowded things not to save until now. Naturally I am dumbfounded in my mind.

「止めだ止めた、こんな堅苦しい話し方。それにしても小僧、これだけワシが殺気を向けていたというのに、平気な面をしよってからに！ 更には契約しろだと、面白すぎるぞ貴様！」
“Stop, stop it, such a formal speech. However boy/youngster, even though too much bloodlust was directed to you, you remained calm! You want to form a contract, you’re really interesting.”

ビシっと指を差すな指を。誇り高い騎士のイメージは最早吹き飛んでしまった。
In a finger snap. The proud knight’s image vanished.

How did this happen? Now I’m sitting in front of the Black Soul Knight, having a friendly conversation. Even though I’m saying friendly chat, the Black Soul Knight is the only one talking.

 

“ As a matter of fact my ego as a monster was born just recently. well what, I originally used to serve the country as a Chief knight , In short I used to be a human. why is that i became a monster ? well , I wonder why , I do not understand it as well but maybe because of the lingering regrets in this world! what kind of regret i do not know as well! Anyhow from that moment i was protecting this castle. Nevertheless , That slime is unusual , what kind of race is that from ? no no , If it’s a secret there is no need to force yourself to speak . Everyone has one or two secrets , By the way want to eat candy? ”

{TLN :- I wanna beat this author now =.=”}

 

In such mood conversation continued. Completely like a pleasant uncle in the neighbourhood. Oi, When is this candy from, it’s melting and swollen!

 

“ Please do not eat while saying so ”

“ Ehh… Are you really going to eat that? even i back down ”

“ yosh , I will leave some for you ”

{TLN :- These lines are hard to TL and distinguish T_T}

 

I am somewhat tired……The only serious one was kroto , While remaining vigilant of black soul knight , waiting across me

 

“ That slime is eating the candy like it is nothing. What a great fellow.”

 

“ Just as i was thinking that it was absorbing the candy from while ago. Kroto , you too?

 

“ Master, talk about contract, talk about contract ”

 

“ Ah, yes it was. So, Will you contract with me?”

 

I ask black soul knight over again, who was watching kroto sullenly.

 

“ Oh , yes such was the talk about. Recently there were numerous who would attack me immediately as the saw me . Boy you were the first one willing to comply for conversation . My tension will very well rise and conversation would also stray.”

{TLN:- it’s actually not stray it’s bouncing or springing but tell me if you prefer original rather than stray}

“ The only one straying is you….. ”

“ It’s not you. It’s Gerard ”

“ Even I’m not a boy but Kelvin. The naming…… No, which ever it maybe it’s a talk, after we make a contract ”

 

Gerard Unexpecdetly got up and turned towards the throne behind



 

“ Contract? The King whom I served, and the country too, are not anymore in this age. As for serving a new master, I am not reluctant but….. ”

 

“In the story, this castle was continuously being protected . Why?”

 

The Cheerful atmosphere some time ago in a beat transformed, The place felt like it became gloomy .

 

“ The name of the perished country that i served is [Arukaru] .Though it was not big, farming made the country prosperous. The king too disliked disputes, Even if there was a war in a distant place we would always try to through by being neutral .”

 

This world has two continents the east and the west, the town of Perth that we made as our base is located at the center of the continent in the east. The castle of the evil spirit is in it’s vicinity.

 

“ As for my position , I acted as the chief of the knight order of the countryside. Even if it was a peaceful country, monsters naturally appeared. Subduing them was naturally my primary duty. we were trained to be by no means inferior to other knight orders. By any chance, In a situation where war occurred we would always be prepared.”

 

Gerard tightly clenched the black sword.

 

“At a certain day. A traveler from the west continent visited [Arukaru]. However, his true identity was a general of the empire. The name was [Jirudora]. The man who dispersed disease of death in [Arukaru].”



“ Disease of death? ”

“ The details are unknown but , Once caught your life force will gradually be lost , A terrifying Arbitrary disease that led to death in single night . The disease spread in [Arukaru] like an epidemic, the country was isolated by other countries in a few days. After several days have passed since Jirudora visited [Arukaru] at one late night , there was a person that happened to see him in the town. Probably ,That was that time he did something. ”

 

“ Wait wait, with just that why are you certain that jirudora was the one that did it? In the first place , How did they knew ? He was the general of the empire.”

 

“On the day before the disease spread, Jirudora visited this castle. From where he entered is not known . The fellow showed up suddenly in front of the king. And said this . Cooperate to overthrow the Divine Empire [Deramisu] , otherwise [Arukaru] will not have any future…..too ”

 

“ Divine Empire [Deramisu]. If I’m not mistaken it is the country where Merufina reincarnated the Hero. ”

 

“ Naturally, the king refuses…… Following rest was what i spoke earlier ”

 

Though I could not see the face across armor but , The Anger that gerard was transmitting was unbearable to say .

 

“ This is about the regret that I left in this world , to say that I don’t know is a lie. My regret is to avenge this country , If  I can clear myself from these regrets, I will become your subordinate with pleasure. ”

 

Is that your condition of approving me ? No, Wait a minute….

 

“ Wait, Gerard had died decades ago, right? As we look the state of the castle it is at least 100 years old level. Then that fellow Jirudora of the empire should not he have died of old age already ? ”

“ The fellow is an elf. The life of the elf exceeds 500 years. That bastard is not someone who would just die in only 100 years. ”

“ Elf ? Though I have not met one yet, Then that is your condition right ?.”

“ I hear that the summoning art strengthens subordinates. It is an ideal opportunity for revenge. However, I want you to show your ability.”

“ Well , it finally comes down to that.”

 

At last it typically comes down to fight and showcase your abilities .Very well, I Originally came here with that intention.

 

“ If you cannot even win against me , By no means you can oppose the empire. Without any ability, you will only be cut down by me……!”

 

Me and Gerard both mutually step backwards .

 

“ Good, I accept . Give me your all, otherwise there is no meaning! ”
Black Summoner – Chapter 15[draft]
第１５話　烈火
15 – Raging Fire

後方に引き、すぐさまクロトに意思疎通で指示を出す。
I pull backward,  and immediately gave instructions to Clotho.

「騎士なら後ろに下がるより、前に出たほうが良かったじゃないか？」
「ふん、あの位置からの戦闘ではお主が不利であろう？」
「そりゃ、どうも！」
“Rather than to fall behind the knight, better to go in front is better?”
“Fun, will master be in disadvantage in that position?”
“That is, thank you!”

風刃ウィンドの散弾型魔法である烈風刃ショットウィンドを牽制として放つ。点ではなく、面での攻撃魔法、威力はともかく回避は難しい。
I used wind blade shot a wind-type magic as feint attack. No point, on surface is attack magic, evasion is difficult aside from the power.
(TLN: close but still wrong, need translation checker here)

分裂し、数十の風の刃となった烈風刃ショットウィンドがジェラールに迫るが、ジェラールは大剣を横薙ぎに払い、風を弾け飛ばす。軌道を反らされた風は天井・壁・地面と至る所を切り裂く。
It split, the violent wind blade shot wind that became the blade of dozens of wind approaches Gerard, Gerard swing the sword to brush it off, to pop off the wind. The winds that was bent cuts ceiling, wall, ground,  and everywhere.

クロトはその隙を付き、ジェラールの斜め後方から４本の鞭を叩きつける。ラジが手も足も出せず、更にはケルヴィンの風脚ソニックブーツによる敏捷ブーストまでも付いた攻撃だ。
Clotho took that gap, Gerard tilted backwards because of merely 4 whip-attacks thrown.

「ぬん！」
「なにっ！？」
“Comin!”
“What!?”

俺は驚愕する。ジェラールはその鋭敏な攻撃の２本を受けきり、残りを左手で掴み、右足で踏み潰したのだ。クロトの筋力ではジェラールに対抗できず、拘束されてしまう。
I was amazed. Gerard is caught those 2 sharp attacks, the remaining caught by his left hand, then crushed by his right foot. Clotho’s strength can’t oppose Gerard.

こいつ、後ろにも目があるのか！？
This guy, does he have eyes behind too!?

『ジェラールは心眼のスキルを所持します。瞬間的な状況判断に補正がかかっているとお考えください』
“Gerard possesses the skill of the mind’s eye. Please think that a momentary situation assessment is corrected.”

生半可な攻撃では無意味か。厄介だな。しかし、このままではクロトが危険だ。クロト、奴との間に絶崖城壁アースランパートを出すぞ！
So half-ass attacks are meaningless? This is troublesome/What a pain in the ass. However, Clotho is in danger. I created a cliff castle wall Earth Rampart between Clotho and this guy.

意思疎通した直後に、クロトの目の前に絶崖城壁アースランパートを出現させる。拘束されたクロトの鞭は壁に分断されてしまうが、クロト本体のコアが無事であれば問題ない。そして―――
Immediately after communicating, a cliff castle wall Earth Rampart appeared before Clotho. The restricting whip of Clotho was divided by the wall, it is fine if the core of the main body of Clotho is safe. And—

よし、やれ！
Good, do it!

ジェラールの左手と右足に残ったクロトの体が再び動き出し、纏わり付く。一瞬、赤い光がジェラール
を包み込み、爆発した。ラジを倒したことでレベルアップしたクロトが取得したスキル『分裂』。体の一部を切り離し、己の分身として操作することができるのだ。切り離したクロトの分身は、保管に貯蔵していた魔力の一部をエネルギーに爆発を引き起こす。要は自爆だ。
The  remaining body parts of Clotho in Gerard’s left hand and right foot starts to move again, and wrapped around. In an instant, a red light wraps Gerard, and exploded. The skill acquired after the extraordinary level up of Clotho by defeating Raji is [Division]. The small parts of the body that got separated, it is possible to operate it as an one’s double by yourself. The detached double of Clotho, has stored a small portion of magical power that caused the explosion. In short, self-destruction.
(TLN: took me lot of time to translate this…)

「……そのスライム、随分と多芸じゃな。掴んでいた際も随時ワシの魔力を吸い取っておった。そしてこの自爆、近づき難いのう」
“….that slime, surprising and versatile isn’t it? When I was also grabbed, my magical energy was sucked occasionally. And now this self-destruct, it is unapproachable.”
(TLN: then he’s still alive?)

ジェラールは悪態をつくが、その素顔の見えない表情はどこか嬉しそうに見える。漆黒の篭手はクロトの爆発の威力で少々歪になったが、まだ剣を振るには影響はない程度だ。
Though Gerard curses, that honest facial expression looks delighted. Though the jet black gauntlet was distorted a little from the power of Clotho’s explotion, it’s still a degree is not affected in shake the sword.
(TLN: my hardships(to translate that) is useless)

「どれ、面白いもんを見せてくれた礼だ。ワシも剣技を披露するとしよう」



“Which, interesting that requires to show a bow of gratitude. I also have to demonstrate my sword skills.”
(TLN: uh-oh!)
大剣を上段に構えたジェラールは俺に向って振り下ろす。
The large sword from overhead position of Gerard who took a stance was swing down towards me.

おいおい、あの身の丈程もある大剣の剣筋が見えなかったぞ……！
Oi oi, that body-length as well as large sword’s sword-talent can be seen….!
(TLN: sure this is wrong but maybe it is quite closer, need help!)

『全力で横にお跳びください！』
“Please jump sideways with all your power!”

これまでに無いほど焦ったメルフィーナの声を聞き、俺は即座に横に跳躍する。跳んだ直後、ズドンッ、と鋭い音が鳴り響いた。
The voice of Melfina that non-existent until now was heard in a hurry, I jumped sideways immediately. Soon after jumping, ZUDON(sfx), and a sharp sound reverberated.

「マジかよ……！」
“Are you SERIOUS?……!”

それまで俺が立っていた場所が真っ二つに斬られたのだ。ジェラールの奴、斬撃を飛ばしてきやがった！
The place I was standing before was cut in two. This Gerard guy, hurling attack!
(TLN: need help here too)

「―――！！！ 初見で空顎アギトを避けるとはな、楽しませてくれる！」
「不可視でこの速さか、悪い冗談だ」
“Avoiding Agito at point blank at first sight, I was delighted.”
“Is this invisibility is because of the speed?”

メルフィーナの咄嗟の助言で助かったが、あのまま動かなければ俺もあの地面と同じようになっていただろう。すまない、メルフィーナ。
Melfina’s sudden suggestion saved me, I would end up just like that ground if it didn’t worked. Sorry, Melfina.



ジェラールが次の手を打つ前に、地表亀裂クレフトカズムを唱える。床がジェラールの足元を中心に亀裂が走り、次の瞬間大地が裂け、崩れていく。流石のジェラールも、大地が変動すれば体勢を崩す。されど、その兜の隙間から覗かせる鋭い眼光はケルヴィンを捉えている。
Before Gerard takes his next step, the ground surface crack “kurefutokazumu”(TLN: WTF is this?) was chanted. The floor under Gerard’s feet have cracks run, in the next moment the ground should burst open, go collapse. Even Gerard also, the change in the ground destroyed his stance. However, that crack in the helmet showed a sharp gaze that caught Kelvin.

体勢を崩しながらも、ジェラールは見えない斬撃を再び放つ。ケルヴィンではなく、壁の奥にいるであろうクロトに向けて。
Though the stance was destroyed, Gerard looks like did do an slashing attack again. Rather than Kelvin, it is aiming at Clotho who is inside the wall.

チッ、あの不安定な足場でも御構い無しかよ。
Tch, that unstable foothold was disregarded too.

絶崖城壁アースランパートをもろともせず、斬撃は壁を通過し、奥の壁まで達した。
The cliff wall earth rampart became brittle, a slashing attack passed through the wall, the interior of the wall was reached.

「ぬっ、スライムの姿がないだと！？」
“Nuh, the figure of the slime can’t be seen here!?”

その言葉を発すると同時に、崩れた地表から突如剣が現れ、ジェラールの腹部目掛けて刺突が放たれる。その剣はカシェルの愛剣であったミスリルソードであった。スライムの軟体で裂けた地面を突き進んだクロトが保管から取り出し放ったのだ。
At the same time as the words were uttered, a sword appeared suddenly from the collapsed ground surface, Gerard’s abdomen was hit by a thrust. That sword was used to be Cashel’s beloved mythril sword. The charging Clotho burst out from the ground who took it out and hit.

「ぐ……」
“Guh…..”

心眼持ちのジェラールも、視覚外かつ予想外であるこの攻撃には対応できずに負傷してしまう。更に、クロトは体の密度を集中させ硬質化した３本の槍の腕を撃ち放つ。
Even Gerard possess the mind’s eye, cannot react to the unexpected attack that wounded him. Furthermore, Clotho’s body density was concentrated to harden on the 3 arms that were shot.

ジェラールはこれを剣で応戦、神速の如き剣速で全てを打ち払われ、攻撃した筈のクロトが逆にダメージを負ってしまう。
Gerard fought back with his sword, with great speed of his sword rapidly repel, the owed damage to Clotho were paid back.

本当に凄いな。
Really amazing.

ケルヴィンは率直にそう思う。裏をかき、奇襲し、隙を突く。そのどれもが対応されている。
Kelvin think frankly so. To outwit, it made a surprise attack,  then pierced the gap. It can deal with anything.

だが―――
However—-

「これで詰みだ！」
“This is checkmate!”

無理な体勢で迎撃を行ったジェラールは今、完全に無防備な状態。残りの魔力全てを込め、重風圧エアプレッシャーを発動させる。
Gerard who intercepted it by an impossible body pose is now, is completely defenseless. All the remaining magic power were gathered, the heavy wind pressure was invoked.

「―――！？」
“….!?” (TLN: this part took me a while to translate :v)

垂直に落とされる空気の重圧により、ジェラールの体には何十倍もの負荷がかけられ、思うように動くことができない。ましてや、腹にミスリルソードが刺さったままの状態だ。クロトの追撃をいなしただけでも賞賛に値するだろう。
The pressure of the air dropped vertically, the load on Gerard’s body was multiplied by dozens of times, it is not possible to move as expected. Much more, it is a situation that a mithril sword was stuck in his belly. Though he deserves praise from parrying/dodging Clotho’s pursuit.

クロト、保管に回した全魔力でぶっ放せ！
Clotho, fire all the magic power you have in your storage.

クロトは地面の中で体を変化させる。その形姿はさながら口を大きく開いたドラゴンのよう。そして、クロトの持つ最大の技を放出する。
Clotho’s body change in the ground. The figure is like the dragon which, as it were, greatly opened the mouth. Thus, the biggest skill that Clotho is holding was released.

―――超魔縮光束モータリティビーム。
—Super magic shrinking beam mortality beam.
(TLN: reeks of chuni. made me cringe while translating this)

開口部から放たれたそれは、ジェラールを貫き、古城を破壊し、空の彼方へと消えていった。
It is fired-off from the opening, goes through Gerard, the old castle was destroyed, disappeared beyond the void.
Chapter 111 The match will be the day after tomorrow
Kelvin’s House / Guest Room

“I’m really sorry. My body reacted because I was suddenly attacked.”

“Ah, don’t worry… Goldiana-san.”

“You can feel free to call me Prettya-chan.”

“Well, I’ll do my best.”

On the sofa in the guest room, I faced a woman (?) She called herself an S-class adventurer. For some reason, the curly blonde-haired girl, the muscular Prettya, was attacked by the golems guarding the mansion when she was heading towards the house. Then she splendidly retaliated under the guise of self-defense. No, it’s bad that my golems misidentified her but, I can’t scold the half-destroyed golems because I’m confident that they’ll be ready for war when it approaches.

“Prettya chan was worried about Sara so she also ran with us. For some reason, the gatekeeper golems reacted…”

“I’m glad that Rion stopped on the way. Efil and Mel were about to get serious.”

It was hard to stop Efil who tried to shoot the fire God’s bow from the balcony, and Melfina, who was trying to intercept her with her spear. If Rion hadn’t broken in, it would have been worse by now. The garden could have collapsed easily.

“I’m sorry…”

“Ara, what did I do?”

I look at Efil and Melfina standing behind me. Efil was good, but the smiling Melfina definitely did it on purpose.

“Hmm… Sara-chan, there are many rivals.”

“What are you talking about?”

“Eh, don’t worry about that! Even so, Kelvin is a little different from what I imagined from Rion’s description, but … I can’t do it at all!”

“What are you talking about!?”

Hey Gerard, don’t step back from there! I’m worried!

“By the way, Kel-ni, is Sara-ne all right?”

“Oh yeah, I couldn’t help but be bothered!”

Rion and Prettya leaned forward and asked. In contrast with the cute Rion, I wanted to keep a little distance from the approaching Prettya-chan’s dark face… I was grateful that you’re worried about Sara.

” Now Ellie, our maid, is taking care of her. Please rest assured that she can use simple white magic. Now she is resting and calm.”

“Oh, that’s right. It is good …”

“Yes, I was relieved!”

Two people of different heights leaned on the sofa. I was so worried.

“Oh yeah, Rion, Alex is about to evolve. Why don’t you see it because it’s curled up in the living room?”

“Really!? I’m going for a while!”

“Don’t run in the mansion.”



“Hey, I know.”

You were about to start running.

Rion jumped off the sofa, opened the door to the hallway, and headed towards Alex. Along the way, she would have had a telepathic conversation with Alex, but she would like to witness the evolution of his buddy in person. Let’s leave Alex to Rion.

“Goldiana-san, although it’s a bit late, thank you for your helping Sara and the others.”

“No, I am the one who wants to thank you! Thanks to Sara-chan, the threat of the new dungeon has been largely eliminated, and now the guild should be disseminating information to other adventurers. And Kelvin-chan, you don’t have to behave like a stranger. It’s not your relationship with me!”

When did we get along like that? It’s good to interact with S-class adventurers, but in some other way, it’s dangerous. Gerard doesn’t go one step further.

“Then, let’s be spoiled by your words. By the way, are you my opponent on the mock battle the day after tomorrow Prettya?”

“Oh, are you worried about it? Rion-chan asked me the same question. I wonder if you are siblings.”

Well, I am curious. I’ve only met an S-class adventurer like the Beast King in Gown. Above all, it was worth the fight.
“Yeah. I’ll teach you the forms of the mock battle. First, Kelvin’s opponent is Sylvia the “Ice Princess” who was promoted to S class last year. She’s a very beautiful girl with silver hair. Well, that’s unrelated to Kelvin chan…”

Prettya saw alternating between Efil and Melfina. I better won’t look at them too much.

“Is the Ice Princess a blue wizard?”

“I haven’t seen the actual fighting, either. Normally, the guild decided two names through the mock battle during promotion, Sylvia didn’t have that. Maybe, Guild chief Rio may know that. “



“No, it’s each other who doesn’t know the other person’s information, right? Then I’ll check it out at the game.”

“Oh, brave.”

Besides, I didn’t know what would be required later if I asked Rio. Let’s save Sylvia’s ability for the enjoyment of the battle.

“Great people from all over the world will come to the mock battle. If you come into their view, you may be scouted, but there are almost no adventurers who actually receive it. As a guild, it’s completely up to the adventurer’s intention. Mm”

“I don’t feel like serving a country either. I’m telling Rio that too.”

“In that case, the guild should handle it. Details of the invitation information will be sent from the guild later, so please check at that time.”

I am thankful that the invitation will be handed to the Adventurer’s Guild. It is troublesome to refuse one by one. However, in this situation where Trisen’s movement is becoming active, is it okay for such people to gather in Parse? Moreover, the information is well transmitted in such a short time.

“The rest is the format of the match. One of the great ones is the shrine maiden of Delamis, Colette, do you know her?”

“Oh, I know her.”

To the extent that the shrine maiden explored the dungeon with the summoned heroes.

“If so, the story is quick. Colette will set up a special barrier at the venue and the match will be held in it. Collette will apply her magic in both, Kelvin and Sylvia. Only once. However, it seems to be a magic that eliminates the damage that leads to death. Therefore, you can freely use the equipment that you normally used in battle. When that magic is activated, the game is over, and there will be applause.”

“Saying so it’s easy, but isn’t that really an amazing magic? I mean, the shrine maiden has a lot of work to do.”

“Actually, She’ll be exhausted for the recovery medicine on that day. I think there will be a reward for that.”

Elimination of deadly damage… It’s like Melfina’s blessing. Certainly, was this blessing also given to the shrine maiden of Delamis? Did she modify it as original magic?

[It’s a magic that is said to be a secret technique that has been passed down to successive generations of shrine maidens. It’s been used that way for the last 300 years, so it’s no longer a secret technique…]

Yeah. To use it in a game means that you can see it with an appraisal eye. I wonder if I will develop magic later based on that.

“The explanation is like this. Is there anything you don’t understand?”

“No, I understand most of the time. It was saved, Prettya.”

“Huh! Don’t turn that smile on me! You have an appointment with Sara-chan! And I have Uncle Gerard …!”

The muscles were writhing while hugging themselves. When I saw Gerard, he was retreating to the wall before I knew it.

[Gerard, you…]

[No, don’t get me wrong. This one still misses his wife.]

Were you married, Gerard?

“No, I can’t stand it anymore… I’m gonna let you have some free time. Oh, you don’t have to worry about staying. The guild arranged accommodations first. It should be. “

“Oh, that’s right. I’m sorry.”

Relieved from the bottom of my heart, I see Prettya off. By the way, the game is approaching the day after tomorrow. There is no early battle with S-class adventurers, but I want to practice as much as possible.

“Now, Sara is first.”

I spoke to Efil and went to Sara’s room.
Chapter 112: The Birth of a King
Kelvin’s house, Sara’s private room

“Yes……”

“Did you notice?”

Sara’s care continued casting white magic for several hours. The time was 2 o’clock in the middle of the night, and the city was already asleep.

“That …? Kelvin, why are you here? I’m not in the dungeon…?”

Sara still felt half asleep.

“I recalled you from the place where you fell in the dungeon and re-summoned you. You can thank Rion and the others later. Everyone was very worried.”

“I see. I suddenly felt sick, and my vision turned black … I don’t remember from there. I fell down.”

It seems she can’t remember.

“Oh, but rest assured that you have evolved perfectly.”

“It’s a relief if you said it… Well, what is that evolution?”

What is it? haven’t you awakened yet? No, from her words, she doesn’t seem to know that she was in the middle of an evolution. It can’t be helped.

“Sara collapsed due to evolution. So, the evolution has just completed. But it seems that your appearance has not changed at all. Check your status.”

“Eh……”

It seems that you haven’t fully understood it yet, but you can see it by looking at your status. I suppose I’ll also check it again with an appraisal eye.

Sara, 21-year-old woman, Demon Blood King, Curse Fist

Level: 108

Title: God-killing fist

HP: 2605/2605 (+100)

MP: 2746/2746 (+100)

Strength: 1317 (+100)

Endurance: 1179 (+100)

Agility: 1240 (+100)

Magical power: 1423 (+100)

Good luck: 1585 (+160) (+100)

Skill: Bloodstain (unique skill)

Blood manipulation (unique skill)

Martial arts (S class)

Black magic (class A)

Fly (B class)

Sign detection (class A)

Danger detection (A-class)

Magic detection (A-class)

Concealment detection (A-class)

Dance (B class)

Performance (class B)

Gorgeous luck (B class)

Auxiliary effect: Blessing of the Demon King

Summoning / magical power supply (S class)

=====================================

The status has risen across the board and is now comparable to Melfina. She also learned new unique skills. This “blood manipulation” by the name, is it a skill to manipulate blood? It seems that it can be applied in various ways by combining it with “Blood stain”, which has been activated only passively until now.

“This is my power …?”

“It’s definitely Sara’s power. I think you’ve accumulated skill points, so don’t forget to allocate them. And…”



I faced Sara, who raised her upper body, and stared at her eyes.

“I heard from Rion and the others that it was Sara’s idea to defeat an S-class monster for me. It was a mess.”

I wanted you to invite me if possible. Did it backfire that the training ground was banned from entering and exiting?

“Well, maybe because I was free, or because I was procuring food… Anyway, I didn’t do it for Kelvin!”

Is she a tsundere? She’s cute so I am fine.

“Still, thank you”

“Ah, ah…”

As I looked, Sara’s face turned red and began to pour steam out from her head.

“No more! I’m okay, so Kelvin, get out!”

“Yes, yes, then I’m going to leave.”
Sara flapped her arms like a spoiled child. I didn’t mean to tease her. Well, it would be hard if she threw things out. I was prepared to stay up all night, but if Sara says so, I will sleep too.

“I’m not in a good shape yet, so I’m going to sleep now. Then Sara, good night.”

“Hmm! … Good night”

She returned the ‘good night’ when I turned my face away. I wish she’’ be in a good mood in the morning.

“Waaaa, I feel drowsy at once… I’ll sleep quickly.”

I came back to my private room and collapsed on my bed where Melfina was sleeping. Ah, when I think about it, I was in nursing care from that hell training. That makes me tired. While thinking about it, my consciousness sank.

~~~~~~~~~

Kelvin’s House / Dining room

I had Efil wake me up as usual. Ton, ton, I heard a kitchen knife from the kitchen next door, while reading the latest request list issued by Angie at the dining room, and suddenly the door opened abruptly.

“I made you wait, everyone! I am completely – fully – restored – and – alive!”

“Oh, you get up early today.”



“Oh, only Kelvin and Efil?”

Normally, it was time for Sara to be still asleep. Not to mention Melfina, Rion was still sleeping. Efil was preparing breakfast in the kitchen, and Elie was watering the garden.

“Gerard went for a morning walk with Lucas. Everyone else is still sleeping or working.”

“Eh … I thought it was my new unveiling, so I got up early.”

“You look the same, though.”

“That’s not the case! The horns and wings have become a little cooler!”

I don’t know because I didn’t remove her hair clip. However, unlike yesterday, today is the usual Sara. She fixed her mood. It is good.

“Waa… Good morning …”

Rion came into the dining room, rubbing her sleepy eyes. The evolved Alex also followed Rion.

“Oh, Rion. You’re fast!”

“Sara Hey! You’re feeling better!”

After a brief stop, Rion, now conscious, jumps into Sara’s chest. I envy you, it’s a smiley sight.

“Thanks to you. Thank you for worrying about me, Rion. Alex too…”

Sara tried to see Alex. Should I put Alex’s status on her network? Sara, you should be able to see him with this.

=====================================
Alex 3-year-old male Abyssal Great Black Wolf

Level: 92
Title: Hero’s companion
HP: 1637/1637 (+100)
MP: 560/560 (+100)
Strength: 1154 (+320) (+100)
Endurance: 712 (+100)
Agility: 889 (+100)
Magical power: 556 (+100)
Good luck: 498 (+100)
Skill: Shadow movement (unique skill)
Crawling (unique skills)
Swordsmanship (S class)
Light (S class)
Sense of smell (class A)
Hide (A-class)
Concealment detection (class B)
Toughness (A-class)
Auxiliary effect: Summoning / Magic supply (S class)

=====================================

“Alex has grown too …”

“Gau”

Alex has evolved into an Abyssal Great Black Wolf (Frosvitnil). As with the status, the size of its body is very different. When sitting, its head is close to the ceiling. It’s a level of looking up in respect. It’s barely possible to go through the door of the mansion. Like this, the size of the equipment may not fit unless I make a weapon like Gerard’s sword.

“Yeah! And he got really strong. I couldn’t stand it last night and had a special training at the training ground.”

Rion’s story about Alex continued. Sara had a delicate expression, “That? You were worried, right?”

“Sara, you evolved safely, right? It feels like your atmosphere has become dignified.”

“Indeed!? After all, Rion is different. Kelvin said that my appearance did not change. It’s really rude! Well, actually, this horn part…”

Still, Rion turning around the situation was frightening. Maybe Sara is just simple.

“Oh, that’s right. Kelvin!”

“Hmm?”

“Yesterday, that … you took care of me! I’m grateful!”

Turning away she threw words of gratitude.

” I’d be happier if you could make eye contact and tell me.”

“I can’t do it now!”

It was refreshingly declared.
Chapter 113: The Power of Reincarnation
Kelvin’s House / Living Room

The day before the mock battle, after finishing the last training, I couldn’t even walk anymore. It was a hassle to sweat in the bath, so I asked Efil to wipe my body lightly and collapsed like last night. I didn’t feel like returning to my room, so the place was the sofa in the living room.

“I wonder if you can think of a better way. I’m afraid I’ll die if this continues every day?”

“This is the most efficient way. If anyone is at risk of losing his life, he will grow beyond their limits.”

“Are you really an angel?”

Today’s training was harder than yesterday. I avoided Melfina’s onslaught while casting Death wind Sickle, and accurately counteracting Melfina’s magic that was unleashed with the scythe. If I didn’t pay attention to my feet, the restraint of ice cast by blue magic will creep up, and Efil’s arrow fired from a distance. What’s more, a serious arrow, the ‘Pyro hydra’ of eight heads would be released without any adjustment, I didn’t think I was able to put it out. However, when I cared only about Efil, Melfina set up a hand. Parallel thinking was also busy.

[If you shoot, shoot seriously. A slight injury can be cured with Mel’s or my magic.]

I want to hit myself half a day ago when I said such a stupid thing. Thanks to that, my whole body is full of burns and frostbite. This is what it means to earn my own money! Well, I cured myself!

“So, I think we use carrots and sticks properly in this way. Hmm… Yes, next is the left ear.”

“I’m convinced, I shouldn’t…”

If the training of hell is a whip, this situation now is probably candy. I’m now having my ears picked on Melfina’s lap. Her ear-picking technic is not as good as Efil’s, but it is strangely vexing that I calmed down.

“Have you been healed a little?”

“Well, yeah.”

“Excellent.”

Maybe I’m afraid I’ll forgive this.

“Even so, I was surprised by Sara.”

“Hmm? Oh, it’s about the evolution. I didn’t think it would be that strong.”

“No, it’s about the monster she defeated in the dungeon.”

Monster? Is the white wolf that was served at lunch today? Certainly, when it was taken out of Clotho’s storage, I was surprised at that big size. And it was delicious, so much that my cheeks fell.

“That was one of the pillars that my predecessor, God, created all over the world, but I never thought she would defeat it…”

“Isn’t it bad that if you defeat that type of guy?”

The direction is different from what I thought.

“Did it taste good? I enjoyed it.”

“Is the character different, or is it a problem to eat?”

“It’s okay. It seems that my predecessor was dismissed because he wasn’t good at the god pillar, and the god pillar itself has almost lost its function on my time. So, it would be more beneficial to feed your experience. This time, Sara probably touched the god pillars. The role of the god pillars on the surface is to exterminate demons and demon kings in an emergency. “

“That’s why the pillar reacted. So, what did your predecessor try to do? Did he try to destroy the world?”

“Well, why? Hmm … Yes, I finish it.”

She evaded the question. I raised my head from Melfina’s lap and sit back on the couch.

“Does it have something to do with your last story? You see, you said that.”

It was a conversation before starting training with Melfina yesterday. At that time, it was a rare but serious atmosphere.



[The man you fought the other day, Clive, did he really call himself a reincarnator?]

“I told you that Clive did say that at that time. You were surprised the moment you heard my words.”

“That kind of thing is—“

“I have been with you for months. I rarely see Mel’s surprised expression, so I knew right away.”

“You’re really sensitive to this, even though you’re missing something.”

Melfina laughed bitterly.

“I didn’t want to tell you about the circumstances of the gods as much as possible.”

“I want to hear if possible.”

You can’t sleep like this.

“Oh, it can’t be helped. I explained the difference between summoning a different world person and summoning a reincarnated person before.”

“Oh, I heard it before reincarnating and summoning Rion. What happened?”

“In addition to the regular summoning using divine protection like Collet, there are rare cases where a other-worlder gets lost in this world. If you compare it to your world style, you can express it as spirited away. Is it okay? There are various causes, such as accidents or coincidence. Most of the foreigners living in this world are lost due to the latter. “

Certainly, the number of shrine maidens that can summon is too small for the recognition of different worlds. Will Tsubaki-sama’s ancestors of Trage be like that?

“But there are no exceptions to the reincarnation summoning, which are always done through the reincarnation god, because in fact I was working through my subordinates during Rion’s summoning.”

“Isn’t Mel involved in the reincarnation of Clive?”



“No, I am not.”

“Then, the predecessor who was released from that role used his power.”

“My predecessor has lost power, and above all, he has already disappeared. In addition, I am the only one who can handle the power of reincarnation. It is a strong factor that I was often away with you. So, there is a limit to what my subordinates can do. “

You were working hard. It’s hard to imagine from your lazy normal life Melfina sensei.

“Did you think of something rude?”

“You can’t think in such a serious mood.”

I can get away with this. Don’t get tired and get nervous at midnight. I have to keep only the facial expression with my courage skill. However, there are many mysteries about Clive. At that time, I would have investigated if I didn’t make a mistake …

“It’s very unlikely that a reincarnated person from my predecessor’s era is alive. It’s unlikely, but if he’s got the power of reincarnation from other than me… There may be someone. “

“I see. The real reason Mel came to me was to figure it out.”

“No, I came completely on my own. I enjoy it normally.”

Melfina waved, “No.” This guy denies it with a straight face. Isn’t that quite important!?

“Well, this is another possibility. It would be useless to say that you shouldn’t worry too much.”

“Oh, for the time being, the Rizea Empire, Trisen and Gerard’s death are suspicious. The Rizea Empire on the eastern continent seems to have little information. You may need to go to Delamis, which seems to have the most information. If so, shouldn’t you approach the shrine maiden, this Collet? No, on the other hand, there is also the possibility that Delamis is suspicious…”

Yeah, I think too much. There is not enough sugar in the brain.

“I’m already planning a strategy, and I think it’s better to accompany you, personally.”

“That’s right. It’s faster for Melfina to ask Colette. Why don’t you ask tomorrow?”

“I forgot to say, but tomorrow I will be within your magical power.”

“Oh, yeah. It’s awkward to have Mel, the reincarnation god, in a place where are people involved in Delamis.”

If you are a shrine maiden who reports directly to Melfina, you may be able to find out just by looking at her.

“There is that too … but she’s a little sick.”

“…?”

What does she mean? When I was wondering, the living room’s door opened vigorously. Hey everyone, let’s open the door quietly. It will break someday.

“Kelvin! I’m coming to drink as a pre-celebration for tomorrow!”

“My Liege! Let us have a drink tonight!”

“Wow!”

“I’m sorry I’m in Kel-nii, I couldn’t stop it …”

A tipsy Gerard with Luca on his shoulders, and a tension max Sara with Rion clinging to her hips as if dragged by, got into the room. And modestly behind were Efil and Clotho.

“Oh, we have to do it moderately, right?”

“I’m so sleepy right now…” [TN I guess it’s Kelvin saying these two sentences.]

I knew it would be useless if I say something, so I put forth the little strength I had and cast ‘Refreshing Breeze in myself.

Chapter 114: Sudden Encounter
On the way to the Spirit’s song

“Well then, come on.”

We left the mansion to Elie. I was forcibly taken by Sara and others and headed to the bar of Spirit’s song. That said, the tiredness of training cannot be healed so easily, and I walked again with the black wand as support. As an S-class adventurer, this didn’t look good, so I asked Efil to lend me a shoulder when I left the mansion’s garden. In this case, I would love that it looked like I was injured in honor by a fierce battle with my life on the edge, well maybe.

“Sara, I’m pretty enthusiastic, but you shouldn’t be good at drinking…”

“I don’t drink, do I? But I love the festive atmosphere!”

The translation of it is that she is overwhelmed by that atmosphere and gets drunk every time. And I’m dying because I’m in a crisis.

“I am sorry Kel-nii, tomorrow is an important day. I couldn’t stop Sara with my current strength …”

“Oh, I heard that it is just a dinner party… If it’s a feast, it’s no good today.”

Efil, Rion. You guys are my last conscience. To be honest, if I drink alcohol in this state, I will collapse on the spot.

“What are you talking about? Both of you! It’s an important day, so don’t go to morale like this!”

“Um! I couldn’t drink a single drop today. Let’s enjoy the eagle to the fullest!”

“Um! I also enjoy it…”
Gerard, you already drank a few cups. Lucca on his shoulder seems to have fun imitating Gerard’s mouth, but she is a little suspicious. It’s like she is drunk…

“Hey Gerard. You didn’t let Lucca drink, right?”

“I won’t let my precious Lucca drink. It seems that she ate a pound cake with alcohol made by Efil, and she’s been like this ever since.”

“I’m sorry. It’s my mistake. It seems that she ate a sample placed on the kitchen table… Nobody would be left to take care of her, so I decided to take her with Mr. Gerard.”

“Oh, that kind of thing… Alcohol in a cake wouldn’t be a big deal, but you have to take care of her.”

“I know. I’ll pull up with it even if he is napping.”

Well, if Lucca is the first Gerard, is that safe? I’ll be quiet while watching Sara next to Efil. Because of that, this would be a trial.

“You, is it true that there is a legendary dish “curry” at the Spirit’s Song!?”

This would be a trial…

~~~~~~~~~

Spirit’s Song / Tavern

“Claire! I’m here!”

An inn that is as familiar as Kelvin’s mansion, the Song’s spirit. It’s like home to us, and Sara treats Claire as if she had come to see her mother. Like me, everyone else seems to visit frequently.

“Oops, I’ve been waiting! What’s wrong with Kelvin-chan!?”

“No, just on an adventure at home.”

I was crossing the most dangerous bridge here. Even so, this dashing Claire’s voice doesn’t really change here.

“Yes, Claire! I caught them on my own!”

Sara took out fresh fish and shellfish from the bag she carried by. I was wondering what was in it since we left the mansion, but was it a souvenir for Claire?

“Well, this is lively again. Sorry to trouble you, Sara.”

“It’s okay. I’m fishing too much, and I can handle it… Besides Claire has taken care of me!”



I just glanced at Melfina. Although she doesn’t care.

“Then, I should put my arm on it too! Efil-chan, please help me.”

“Yes, master, let’s go.”

“Oh, please come back as soon as possible…”

I see Claire and Efil disappear into the kitchen. Oh, my few consciences… [TN I really couldn’t guess what he wanted to say with this: 俺の数少ない良心が]

“I see, they’ll make seafood curry.”

I think differently.

“Hey Kelvin, your seat is here!”

“Ah, Mr. Urd”

The person beckoning was Mr. Urd. I rarely meet him at the Spirit Song, but today we drink at the bar. And it’s like he knew I was coming. Looking around there were quite a few familiar adventurers.

“I am here for you Kelvin, take a seat. Have a drink?”

“Hey, you’re so impatient.”

Rion guided me while grabbing and supporting my arm. Perhaps, because she was caring for me that she was even acting so as not to be unnatural. Onii-chan, I’m going to cry.

A large table seat was designated by Mr. Urd. This will allow all my friends to sit down. I sat in a chair while muttering “heave ho” in my heart. Does it smell like an old man? That’s how bad my legs are. If possible, I would like to lie face down at the table as it is, but I will put up with it no matter how much.

“I heard from Gerard and Sara. You’re having a big pre-celebration today? Our regulars gathered to celebrate with you. We were waiting for you to arrive. We couldn’t start without the protagonist!”

“It seems to be so. I just heard it.”



“Um. It’s a surprise. It was planned by this one and Sara!”

“I did my best!”

I’m happy. I’m very happy, but why on this day when I’m exhausted! Gerard and Sara don’t know what the training is, so it’s a shame in a sense, but … let’s take it honestly.
“Now, let’s get started! Claire, we’re ready for sake!”

“You do it yourself! I’m busy preparing food!”

“Oh, yes.”

Urd walked to the kitchen as soon as Claire’s voice said so. It’s completely dominated. Other adventurers who saw it helped prepare, Urd’s desire could be seen.

“I’ll also help…”

“Kelvin, please sit down! We’ll be rushing in!”

“Oh yeah, if you let the protagonist help, there’s no way we can stand.”

I was stopped by a junior adventurer. As a result, I was saved because I couldn’t gather the force to stand up. I must thank him later. Thinking about that, Efil brought a cup in place of the two adventurers.

“Master, alcohol will be bad tomorrow, so take this…”

“Is this grape juice? Efil, I am saved.”

“It’s a special feast, but if you get a hangover tomorrow, you won’t have any chance.”

“Hey Efil, I like juice too. Is it over there?”

“Oh, I want juice too!”

If you think about it, our women can hardly drink alcohol. Melfina seems to change each time according to the dish.

“What would you like Mel?”

“Well, shall I get the same thing?”

And with the cooperation of everyone, the preparations for the banquet proceeded smoothly. Gerard took the toast. Lucca dressed as a maid stormed in and the party started in a chaotic state, but it soon settled down and became the usual drinking party. An acquaintance adventurer from Mr. Urd’s party came to pour sake, but I told him about tomorrow’s game and refused implicitly. Fortunately, everyone seemed to understand it well, and he forgave me for toasting with juice instead of sake.

Sara is also on the lookout with me and Rion, so she doesn’t drink at all. Occasionally, she enjoys drinking juice. It seems unlikely that Sara will attack me today.

“Please tell us the story of the fierce battle in the Elven Forest later. It’s a promise, Mr. Kelvin!”

“If so, this one is going to talk as witness…”

“Don’t do it”

The black story was stopped, and Lucca seemed to be sleeping. When The party has halfway through and I tried to instruct Gerard to take Lucca to the mansion, a group of adventurers came into the tavern.

“Ah? Is full here too?”

The voice was made by a beast-man. It has dog-like animal ears on its head. He has a sharp eye and receives a terribly warlike image.

“Nagua, the day before the promotion ceremony is like this everywhere. It is our responsibility to arrive at this time. I’m grateful that the guild is preparing an inn.”

That was an elf woman. She gave an intellectual vibe in contrast to the beast-man. However, it’s rare to see an elf in Parse.

“I’m hungry …”

“Sylvia, you have to be patient.”

“Even I you said that my stomach is at the limit…”

A girl and a dwarf man came in from behind. Hmm, Sylvia?
Black Summoner – Chapter 1[by Shasu]
Chapter 1 – Summoner
 

Upon waking up I was surrounded by greenery as far as I could see. I was stranded in some forest totally unbeknownst to me.
The trees were rustling pleasantly in the wind, but that didn’t comfort my increasing inner distress at all.
No matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t remember why I was sleeping in this place. I couldn’t even recall my own name. Was this the so-called amnesia? It would appear I didn’t forget my general knowledge and education at the very least. Personally I couldn’t recall it at all, but the knowledge of me being born and raised in Japan on Earth was preserved.
My mind was shrouded by a haze. It was a really odd sensation. Being puzzled by the situation I slowly stood up when I suddenly noticed something flashing in front of me. There wasn’t anything there a short while ago though… .

“Wh-What … this is …” (-)

A button was shining on a semi-transparent screen. Upon inspecting it closely, I was able to see a letter written on the button. It somehow resembled the menu screen of a game.

“Welcome to the alternate world!” <Menu> (T/N: “Isekai he youkoso!” I prefer the romanji version xD )

For an instant my thinking froze completely. The alternate world? Is this alternate world the place I am at right now?
While I was pondering this the button continued to blink. Although I was considering this to be a bad joke I pushed the button.

“Congratulations! You won the right to transfer to a different world as result of a impartial lottery!
Although the memory of the time before the transfer was erased, please do not worry as you granted us permission before the transfer. Due to your retained knowledge you should understand that point must be strictly adhered to!” <Menu>

“What did I do before transferring!?” (-)

“This is a fantasy world where you will encounter fierce sword competitions and exciting magic battles.
Now, you have to learn about the skills you chose before the transfer. Please look at the Status screen for a detailed explanation.” <Menu>

In the next moment the screen changed and displayed a standard array. Ah, as I expected, this was a screen often seen in games.

Kelvin – 23 years old – Human – Summoner

Level: 1
Title: None

HP: 10/10
MP: 20/20

Strength: 1
Endurance: 1
Agility: 3
Magical Attack: 5
Luck: 4

Skill: Summoning <Grade S> Open Slots: 9

Green Magic <Grade F>
Eye of Appraisal <Grade S>
Growth rate x2
Skill points x2
Experience sharing
Skill points: 0

The distrust from a while ago vanished as I was staring intently on the screen. It would appear I have quite the fondness for games. After all I was currently trembling excitedly in anticipation.



I felt sorry for speaking badly of the transfer before.

From the explanation provided by the menu screen I had spent skill points before the transfer to acquire several skills. As far as I could see, quite a lot of skill points were used.
Up to grade S and the Summoner class it is. I only know of one famous game with such a setting … as expected, huh?

“Well, for the moment, let’s check out the details of the skills.” (Kelvin)

Summoning <Grade S>

By making a contract with the target you can add it as a follower.
Added followers receive their magical power through the summoner, their status increases and communication with the summoner is possible.
Summoning the follower within the magical power range of the summoner is enabled.
By raising the skill rank the number of possible followers increases, the status up of the followers increases and an upgraded contract becomes available.

Green magic <Grade F>

Magic to manipulate the power of earth and wind.
Offensive – Support – Recovery can be handled by this well balanced magic.
By raising the skill rank the available magic spells increase.

Eye of Appraisal <Grade S>

Status of target is viewable.
By raising skill rank the amount of information increases.

Growth rate x2



Upon leveling the stats gained are doubled.

Skill points x2

Upon leveling the skill points gained are doubled.

Experience sharing

Experience is shared by all party members.
This skill also applies to the summoner’s followers.

“Oh, now that’s a decent support character. The benefit of leveling is great, too.” (Kelvin)

The Summoning skill required a contract though.
I wondered, should I talk to them as soon as I defeated them? Magical power supply … what’s that?

“After the targets agrees, it will be possible to form a contract with it. Upon conclusion of the contract, the target will change into a magic body and be assimilated by your magic. To successfully summon the target a suitable amount of MP is required and the maximal MP value is lowered. This MP represents the magical power supply. If you cancel the summon the maximal MP value returns to its former value, but please be advised that the MP used for the summoning is not returned.” <Menu>

Thank you for the explanation. To think I would be instructed this precisely after asking. This menu is quite handy.

In short, consecutive summons are not possible due to the MP not recovering fast enough, huh?
Furthermore due to the decrease in the maximal MP, the possibility to use other magic will be narrowed down, too. MP management will be crucial, I guess.

“You are quick on the uptake. Should we go to a nearby town for starters then? There is an adventurer’s guild over there. It would be a good idea to register.” <Menu>

… Quite the common talking for a while now. Menu, will you accompany me?

“Fufu … that would be the least I can do as you have no memory. Please have a look at this.” <Menu>

As Menu replied, it displayed a screen.

Kelvins follower – Slot: 9

Merufina – 1276 years old – Angel – Transferred God

Level: <Impossible to determine>
Title: From God to me

HP: <Impossible to determine>
MP: <Impossible to determine>

Strength: <Impossible to determine>
Endurance: <Impossible to determine>
Agility: <Impossible to determine>
Magical Attack: <Impossible to determine>
Luck: <Impossible to determine>

Skill points: <Impossible to determine>

“This is a first for me as god. To become someone’s follower. Please take responsibility.
Also, this is the communication between a summoner and their follower.” (Merufina)

“Eeehhhhhhhh … what in the hell did I do before transferring here!!??” (Kelvin)

~ And thus the story of my alternate world transfer began ~

CHAPTER 2 – THE TOWN PAZU
A note regarding the future format of text editing:

Explanatory text will be kept in past tense. Thoughts and talk within the mind will be italic and present tense (unless specified otherwise) Regular speech will be case by case regarding tenses.
Sorry, but the correct tenses are not easy to decipher from MTL and Romaji, thus I will set it like this for now.

The author of the series dishes out 1-2 chapters per day currently. If they keep being so short, I might consider an increase of chapters per week. But that will depend on how well the translation of the other 2 will go and how this one develops story wise (alternative would be another series) .

Menu-san, no rather because of her sudden confession, it is Merufina?

After I recovered from the shock, we headed towards the nearby town. While on the move I was told the rough sequence of events happening before the transfer.

It would appear I died in an accident before coming to this world. This accident was caused by a blunder of god (no, not Merufina).

This god requested a special treatment for me from Merufina whose responsibility was governing over reincarnation.

Such cases happened in the past before too, according to Merufina.

After all God makes mistakes, too.

“Surprisingly there also are many irresponsible Gods. I am diligent though, ok?” (Merufina)

Originally Merufina was an angel serving god, she remarked in my mind.

As a reward for meritorious service for many years, she was promoted to guarding deity ruling over reincarnation in the (T/N: heavenly) division of this world.

In comparison to other gods, she was a young god who just started out.

Oh well, that is, if you believe Merufina’s words on the matter.

As I uttered my complaints while interacting with Merufina, she also mentioned her innermost thoughts.

“Right after choosing the skill you approached me about signing a contract with you desu~.

You fell in love with me and begged me to accompany you! For nearly an hour you coaxed me into doing that for you.

As I was handling that administrative position for several hundreds of years, I felt a little bored and thus I accepted that plea of yours.” (Merufina)

… Though I couldn’t recall it at all, it would seem I fell in love with Merufina at first sight.

At the moment I was only able to hear Merufina’s voice but I guessed she was suitable being a goddess previously.

“Occasionally it is necessary for a goddess to get some rest desu~.

In other words, paid holiday desu~.

Since I pushed the work onto my follower, it is alright.

For several centuries now I have had no break. If I don’t recharge soon, I will break.” (Merufina)



Follower, eh? … You were treating my transfer as a chance to go on a vacation ?!

In that case return my memories already, will you?

“Didn’t you decide to erase your memories before you were transferred? The increased skill points serve as sufficient compensation for your lost memories.

You were informed about this.” (Merufina)

What should I say to the person I fell in love with?

The memory of falling in love is gone after all.

“Even if you lost your memories, you can just fall in love with me again! What sweet words you used before.

Because it was so straight forward, my heart went kyun~ and even though it was a mistake I permitted it.

Favorability level +1, desu~.

Congratulations!” (Merufina)

Uoo~ … Please stop it already at this point.

Even if don’t remember, I feel like I don’t want to know about my black past … Still what a blunder, for Merufina to suit my taste in women so much, huh?

With this much said, I want to actually see Merufina now.



“Since we are already contracted with each other … can I summon you now?” (Kelvin)

“It currently is impossible. The MP required for materialization is severely lacking.” (Merufina) (T/N: Tough luck there is no red star in the sky, huh? ^^)

That surely took the wind out of my sails.

Current objective: Raise the level far enough to summon Merufina!

“I am looking forward to your growth and new confession of love” (Merufina)

“There will be no confessions.” (Kelvin)

While chatting the town cam into view.

“This town is our destination, Pazu, desu~.” (Merufina)

It seemed to be a reasonably large town. It was surrounded by a stone wall with the houses being within the wall.

The town scape, which differed quite a lot from modern Japan, made my heart flutter.

By the way, my current appearance is the same as common travelers in this world.

Thus I don’t think I will stand out specifically.

There were gateways into the town on both sides, east and west.

Approaching the gatekeepers I was about to get in contact with the first human beings from this world.

Oh, a gatekeeper seems to have noticed me.

“Yaa~ .. Are you an adventurer? Sorry, but could you show me your guild card or identification papers?” (Gatekeeper)

“Well, I come from a small village in the hicks. I have no identification papers.” (Kelvin)

As Merufina had briefed me earlier I dealt with him in such way.

There were a lot of people in this world, who didn’t possess identification papers.

Hence those papers were issued at the gate of big towns like this.

Though it cost a bit money, there was no problem as Merufina held onto some before transferring.

Even though she gave up her job, this was a task even a child could do.

“As I said before, I’m a diligent person desu~.” (Merufina)

After finishing the business with the identification papers, I headed to the next destination; the adventurer’s guild.

~ At first I was doubtful, but now I am brimming with the motivation to fully enjoy this fantasy world. ~

 I arrived at the adventurer’s guild. The building housing was quite imposing.

Well then, I guess I should have a look inside!

『What’s this strange tension?』 (Merufina)

“I can’t explain it properly, but my excitement has increased.” (Kelvin)

When I entered, the first thing I saw was the reception counter.

The Misses (musume-tachi) who worked as guild receptionists were dealing with adventurers. However there was no cute young woman among them.

To the side of the counter there was a bar. And despite it being daytime there already was a person drinking sake.

It was a typical guild right out of a RPG. It was just as I imagined and that made me happy. I thought it would only be muscular middle-aged man (ossan-tachi) but there were quite a few young woman and man, too.

I lined up at the queue for the counter and waited a little while. My turn came around.

“Hello! What sort of business do you have?” (Receptionist)

It was a sweet girl with light brown braided hair who greeted me in an energetic voice. Energetic girls sure are nice~.

“I want to register as an adventurer.” (Kelvin)

“Registration it is, I understand. Then, please fill out this form here. Do you need someone else to write it for you?” (Receptionist)

“No, it’s alright.” (Kelvin)

Language comprehension, that’s what enabled me to write and read the words here and was acquired when I was transferred to this world.

It was thanks to Merufina-sama-sama.1

Only name and occupation are required to be filled out, huh?

It was fairly simple.

Name is Kelvin and occupation is Green Magician … duh

“Kelvin it is. Please wait a moment.” (Receptionist)

There is a reason why I set the occupation as Green Magician.

Summoner was a class of an extremely rare degree in this world.

There was an occupation with a similar ability though, Beastmaster.

This one didn’t use summoning magic but used a method of taming monsters and training them into pets. There is no MP used and it’s possible to have the trained monster serve you at all times. By increasing the skill rank you could tame more pets, it seems. In other words, the same as a summoner.

The merit of a summoner is to not being limited to only monsters as you can likewise possess humans, elves and golems who are valid as an inorganic creature, too. Furthermore, there was status up, communication with your followers and the possibility to summon them wherever you like as long as it is in range of your magic. As compensation for using part of your MP, the reward was large.

Becoming such a summoner was restricted to very few people. Most likely one person per nation. As soon as they are discovered they are targeted by the higher-ups of a nation.

To me, who wanted to freely enjoy this fantasy world, such a thing would be an obstacle. Thus I wanted to conceal my summoner class as much as possible.

“I’m sorry to have you kept waiting. This will serve as proof of guild membership.” (Receptionist)

She handed me the guild certification.

It was a blue card with wings drawn on it. There was an “F” written atop of it.

“Let me explain the simple guild system next.” (Receptionist)



Going by her explanation, adventurers are split into seven ranks.

She showed a board.

———————————————–

Rank F (Beginner) <— Kelvin

Rank E (Novice)

Rank D (Amateur)

Rank C (Advanced)

Rank B (Expert)

Rank A (Monster) <— Shasu

Rank S (Godlike) 2

———————————————–

My name is written down in lovely characters next to my rank.

Un, that’s easy to understand.

“As Kelvin-san has just registered, you start as an F-Rank. You can accept a request at any area that has a guild. Requests are split by ranks and posted on a bulletin board for all adventurers to see.” (Receptionist)

“In other words, I can only accept F-Rank requests right now?” (Kelvin)



“It is possible to accept requests that are one rank above your own. However, please be warned that you have to pay the penalty for contract breach in case you fail a request.” (Receptionist)

Uh huh, that means I can’t recklessly challenge higher ranking requests.

“If you succeed in completing requests 10 times your adventurer rank will rise. Even if you complete higher ranking requests, the number required for a rank up remains the same. However, please be careful as from C-Rank onward there will be examinations for raising your rank.” (Receptionist)

“Roger that.” (Kelvin)

“There are 4 kinds of requests: Subjugation, Escort, Harvest and Special. For subjugation requests, please don’t forget to bring a part of the targets body as proof that you defeated it.” (Receptionist)

Mu~, sounds like proof is necessary.

With this excessive hunting is improbable as I won’t be able to hold all the proofs.

“Is there a reasonable request for a beginner?” (Kelvin)

“Well, let’s see. I recommend these.” (Receptionist)

Subjugation of 3 x blue slimes.

Harvesting of 5 x medical herbs.

Search for pet cat (Special request)

Those were the basic run-downs of the requests.

That means special requests didn’t belong to any other request type, huh?

『Master,3 how about accepting the request to subjugate 3 blue slimes? In the first place, those are ideal monsters for your summoning magic.』 (Merufina)

Un, so we were thinking the same, huh?

I want to try out the summoning magic soon, too.

Of course, somewhere where it doesn’t attract public notice.

“I would like to accept the subjugation request of the blue slimes.” (Kelvin)

“I understand. Here you go.” (Receptionist)

After receiving the request formally, I left the adventurer’s guild.

A little while later I heard that she (the receptionist) is called Angie. I will be often taken care of by her from now on.

Now then, next would be preparing my equipment. As I have no extra money to spare currently, it will be limited to weapons and recovery items.

『A wood rod it is. Although it has no physical attack power, there is a weak magic attack boost dwelling within. It will likely help you with your magic.』 (Merufina)

Most of my money was spent on this.

For the sake of today’s inn charges, off I go!

Translation Notes:

1 Yea, twice to increase the gratitude I guess.

2 Translation would be inhuman, but with such a fantasy world … more like not measurable by any scale. But that is hard to put in one word, so it had to be of course… ;)

3 She calls him “anata-sama.” You could also translate it as “darling” but since she uses keigo and gives off a meek flair, I opted for master.
Now then, after leaving the town I arrived at a plain before long.

Walking on the road next to the forest with its boisterous sounds of nature, I was lucky to not encounter any monsters on the way. The distance wasn’t far either.

“I was told they should appear around here …” (Kelvin)

Surveying the area there were no blue slimes in the vicinity.

After walking for a little while searching for them, I finally saw something resembling a blue shape in front.

『It’s a blue slime. Master, please use [Eyes of Identification] to examine it.』(Merufina)

Just as I was told by Merufina, I invoked [Eyes of Identification].

Before I could understand how it was supposed to work, I already was under the influence of the invocation.

It feels almost like moving one’s body, huh?

Owning the skill seems to make the invocation fairly simple.

Blue Slime – 0 years old – No race – Blue Slime

Level: 1

Title: None

HP: 5/5

MP: 0/0

STR: 1

STA: 1

AGI: 2

MATK: 1

LUK: 2

Skill: Stun resistance

Skill points: 0

This is [Eyes of Identification]?

It’s able to read the entire status of the target.

『[Eyes of Identification] doesn’t only work on living things. It also works on unidentified objects. Your [Eyes of Identification] is grade S. As long as the target is less than 100 levels above you, it is possible to identify it.』 (Merufina)

It should work on the majority of targets then, huh? … Wait, I was able to see Merufinas status although it shouldn’t be possible to display it.

In other words, does the level of Merufina surpasses mine by over 100?

『Tentatively speaking, I am a goddess after all.』 (Merufina)

For the sake of summoning you, just how much MP will be consumed … nevermind, the story strayed off.

First the blue slime in front.

I slowly approached the blue slime.

First of all, to succeed in forming a contract I need the other parties agreement.

Should I talk to the slime to get its agreement? (T/N: LOL)

『In case of monsters who don’t understand words, you have to weaken it considerably without defeating it though. If you invoke the contract then, it will agree to it. It’s a fellow you want to befriend by using strength.』 (Merufina)

Merufina appeared to have an abundant gamer’s knowledge, too.

It seems I would finish it off if I used magic, so I had to use the wood rod to fight it.

“Tou!” (Kelvin)



Putting a fair amount of strength into it, I attacked the blue slime.

The slime was blown back by a few meters while rolling around *poyon poyon*

I invoked [Eyes of Identification].

「Remaining HP: 3. Do you wish to form a contract?」 (System)

I held up my hand towards the slime as arranged by the system in order to form a contract.

“Uo~ … It feels like something is coming out of its body covering it in a mist. Is this alright?” (Kelvin)

『Regardless whether the formation of a contract is successful or not, half of the remaining MP will be spent on the attempt. That’s the effect of spending a large amount of mana.』 (Merufina)

“Please tell me that earlier … Oh well, okay. Is the contract formation successful?” (Kelvin)

Looking at the blue slime, it started to gradually to glow in a white light.

Bright.

『Congratulations. The contract is established.』 (Merufina)

“Is it done with this?” (Kelvin)

『The monster you contracted this time has no name yet. How about giving it a name, Master?』 (Merufina)

Fumu, name, huh?

My naming sense is on fire and so it will end up sounding chuuni-like.1

Should I play it safe here?

No, it’s no problem as this a fantasy world.

“Alright, from today onwards you shall be called Clotho2. Please take care of me from now on!” (Kelvin)

Clotho jumps up while trembling *purupuru* .



And then it changed into light particles which were absorbed into me.

That fellow became a magic body, huh?

According to what Merufina told me before, with this Clotho should have been absorbed into my mana.

“Oi Clotho, can you hear me?” (Kelvin)

Although I can’t hear Clotho’s words, its feelings are directly transmitted to me.

Is it pleased with only this?

『Mutual understanding is possible without having to use words as a means of communication. As a fellow follower I have to say this method gives me peace of mind though.』 (Merufina)

Ah, Clotho is slightly scared.

You don’t have to be afraid of Merufina.

For the time being I should name this as follower’s network (T/N: Blog!).

It allows virtually instant conversation and it looks to me that it will be useful in battle.

“The next is summoning. As I used half my MP earlier for the contract, the remaining MP is 10. Will that be sufficient?” (Kelvin)

『For a slime of this level it will be fine. However in regards to understanding the summoning skill: Please be careful of the forceful contract cancellation in case the followers HP drops to 0 and it dies.』 (Merufina)

In this world it had been arranged that 『HP reduced to zero = death』.

Naturally there is no such thing as revival in the church after death as it is common in games.

Clotho is an important friend who will accompany me from now on.

I will make sure to not make a blunder and avoid such a thing to happen.

『As long as so much as 1 HP remains, it is possible to cancel the summons and return the follower back into your mana. HP and MP will be recovered gradually over time, if it returns to be a magic body. Please make sure to apply this rule wisely.』(Merufina)

*Funfun* Very educational.

Well then, now that I have received Merufina-sensei’s authorization, I shall invoke the summoning.

Ah, right. I don’t know yet how far my magic range goes. Let’s go with summoning right before the eyes then.

Just as the thought crossed my mind, the magic square appeared instantly and in the next instant Clotho was within it.

It seems that summoning is carried out in a fairly high speed.

“First objective of testing achieved. Next up, the subjugation request.” (Kelvin)

『Making Clotho murder its own family … Master, you are quite the savage.』(Merufina)

“Gufu” (Kelvin)

When I was writhing in agony over my lacking discretion, Clotho transmitted its feelings by jumping about.

“Because the slime family grows by the strong absorbing the weak it is alright, huh? Clotho, you don’t have to force yourself.” (Kelvin)

Clotho showed its eagerness with his trembling body.

No, there’s no problem if Clotho is fine with it.

“As for absorbing the defeated opponent, that would be a problem. I have to dismantle the slimes and collect the cores as proof for the subjugation request this time.” (Kelvin)

However it should be okay for Clotho to absorb a part of the opponent.

I am a bit anxious about the remaining MP. I want to try out magic a bit, too.

We found a target.

Translation Notes

1 chuuninbyou (in short: chuuni) … well for those who don’t know that term yet. Some weird delusional sickness of Japanese middle school students thinking they are some kind of super heroes and such.

2 クロト .. Kroto would be the name I guess? If someone knows anything better, please feel free to share. I suspect it has some weird reference to a game/manga/anime/novel too. Changed it to Clotho now, sounds cuter any way and fixed the gender to neutral (for now). ^^
CHAPTER 5 – LEVEL UP
The new follower Clotho was next to me, tagging along on the search for blue slimes. After a short while we discovered 2 blue slimes.

“Let’s test the green magic to assess it. Because I will attack one of the slimes with magic, I will leave the other one to you, Clotho. Please show me the way you fight.” (Kelvin)

Clotho nods. *koku koku*

Due to the decreased mana supply, I immediately applied reinforcement on myself as to not be defeated by the approaching common blue slime.

Concerning green magic, I received several rudimentary instructions from Merufina.

After the contract with Clotho and its summoning, my MP took a heavy blow leaving me with only a part of it remaining. However I still have some recovery items.

Therefore I should be able to deal with a slime as opponent some way or the other.

“Air Blade Wind!” (Kelvin)

Grade F green magic [Air Blade Wind]

Small air blades are generated. It is a magic that attacks the target.

Although the attack power is low, it’s a low-cost and invisible attack that can be fired. Nice usability.

The wind tears apart the blue slime consigning it to oblivion in one blow.

“Clotho, go!” (Kelvin)

Clotho begins to run at great speeds challenging the blue slime with a charge.

This charge blew off the opponent and finished it off.

Its speed was totally different to the time before the contract was made. Most likely that was because of the Grade S summoning. The gap caused by the status up was huge as well.

『Because of the Grade S summoning all statuses are increased by +100.』 (Merufina)

Wha?! Additional 100!?

I confirmed Clotho’s status with [Eyes of Identification].

Clotho – 0 years old – No race – Blue Slime

Level: 1

Title: None

HP: 105/105 <+100>

MP: 100/100 <+100>

STR: 101 <+100>

STA: 101 <+100>

AGI: 102 <+100>

MATK: 101 <+100>

LUK: 102 <+100>

Skill: Stun resistance

Buffs1: Summoning Technique / Mana Enhancement (Grade S)

Skill points: 0

That’s too powerful … So that’s why nations value summoners so highly.

Just a slime follower of a level 1 summoner and it’s already this powerful.

An immediate asset if used in the army.

『Just a small correction: The only one possessing a Grade S summoning skill is you, master. The other rabble is at the most Grade B or C. Their status up is approximately +10 ~ +20. They are not able to turn a slime follower into an immediate asset.』(Merufina)

Are you serious? It’s no less than a splendid cheat to possess such skill at level 1.

Moreover, isn’t it the first time you praised me, Merufina? I’m a little bit happy.

After a short time, when Clotho had easily defeated third blue slimes, a fanfare resounded.



Is it that!? That default pattern !?

Before my eyes the status screen appeared.

Level up! Level 1 => Level 2

 

Kelvin – 23 years old – Human – Summoner

Level: 2

Title: None

HP: 20/20 <+10>

MP: 23/35 <+20>

STR: 3 <+2>

STA: 3 <+2>

AGI: 9 <+6>

MATK: 15 <+10>

LUK: 12 <+8>

Skill: Summoning <Grade S> Open Slots: 8

Green Magic <Grade F>

Eye of Appraisal <Grade S>

Growth rate x2

Skill points x2



Experience sharing

Skill points: 100

Oh, thanks to the passive skills the growth is remarkable.

It is very nice in regards to the expected increase of mana consumption.

I received 100 skill points, too.

『Please change from the status screen to the skill entries. By using the skill points, another new skill can be obtained.』 (Merufina)

“By the way, does the general public of this world know about the status screen? The situation of a level up should occur occasionally.” (Kelvin)

『It is known. The method is different though. One silently prays to God for displaying the status screen. That way one is able to display their own status, acquire skills and manage parties by themselves. However, the status screen of others cannot be seen.』 (Merufina)

In order to view the status of others, [Eyes of Identification] was necessary.

All things considered, you could confidently say that this world was quite permeated with a game-like mechanism.

Well, I don’t think this state of affairs is doubted, though, since it is like that since birth.

“Well then, I will open the skill entries.”

I opened the skill entries within the status screen.

The screen is full of skills with their name and effects. The required points to obtain a specific skill are listed as well. All together it was who-knows-how-many.

『Not all skills are displayed yet. There also are skills which require certain achievements to unlock them.』 (Merufina)

“I was able to get the summoning skill normally.” (Kelvin)

『That was a special exception and is usually not possible. That was, so to speak, a bonus available in the skill entries before transferring to this world.』 (Merufina)

“Then, there is no such bonus in this world available as well? Oh well, it can’t be helped.” (Kelvin)

While skimming through the skill entries, I let Clotho guard the vicinity.

“… Say, isn’t the amount of spendable skill points too low? After all, Grade F skills cost 10 points.” (Kelvin)

『By nature skill points represent the point values of the abilities. By increasing the level you obtain (T/N: ability) growth points. Although that value differs for each person, typically the point values of the abilities are 50 with growth points at 5.』 (Merufina)

“Oi, my growth points are 100. Even taking into account the doubled skill point gain, this number is weird.” (Kelvin)

『Incidentally the point values of the abilities were derived before the transfer. Even though there is a margin caused by the skills, generally the required points are as follows: Grade F: 10, Grade E: 20, Grade D: 40, Grade C: 80, Grade B: 160, Grade A: 320 and Grade S: 640. Because it is necessary to start from the lowest Grade when acquiring a skill, Grade S requires in total 1270 points.』 (Merufina)

“… Even if a common person reaches level 100, they can only get one skill up to Grade B at the most.” (Kelvin)

『… That’s how it is.』 (Merufina)

“… Even though I have two Grade S skills at level 1.” (Kelvin)

『… Look, it’s in exchange for your memories.』 (Merufina)

Now, that’s the very definition of me piling up a cheat on a cheat.

All the other-worlders in this world would believe this to be a bug.

However, I don’t know if there are any.

『To the bitter end, that is the situation of a common person. Among them there are some feared as inhumane or devil kings, too.』 (Merufina)

I won’t worry about it.

The difference in the raised basic statuses is more precious compared to the situation with the skills.

As long as I don’t do anything strange, I won’t stand out neither.

For now, let’s return to slowly checking the available skills.

While issuing instructions to Clotho, I face the remainder of the subjugation request.

 

Translation Notes

1 Translation would be “Support/Auxiliary Effects” but well, in game terms that would be “Buffs,” thus I will go with that. ^^

CHAPTER 6 – SKILL
The blue slime subjugation finished without any problems.

The summoned Clotho had been recalled.

After receiving the reward from the guild, I went to search for an inn to stay at for today.

“That’s the inn Angie-san mentioned, huh?” (Kelvin)

Angie had recommended an inn and taught me the necessary information.

『How affectionate of her to consider the pursue of a newcomer adventurer, Angie’s highly recommended inn! Apparently, that is.』 (Merufina)

“‘Singing spirits.’1 No doubt, it’s here. Let’s go inside.” (Kelvin)

Opening the door, I was greeted by an oba-san with a large build standing at the counter.

The landlady, huh?

“Oops, a guest? Welcome to ‘Singing Spirits’!” (oba-san)

“Umm, I would like to stay for one night.” (Kelvin)

“If it suits you, please stay the next as well. I would be glad. Atasha Clare2, nice to meet you.” (Clare)

“I am Kelvin. Apparently the food here is very delicious. It is a pleasure from now on.” (Kelvin)

“Hahaha, I have to put all my skills into the cooking today then!” (Clare)

After paying the lodging expenses, Clare-san guided me to my room.

I was briefly told the time for dinner in this inn.

Fuu~ , finally I can relax a bit.

“Although I had anticipated it, there is no bath …” (Kelvin)

『Royalty has bathrooms in their castle, the noble’s mansions often don’t have one either though. Commoners normally bathe in cold water or boil some water to use it to wipe their bodies.』 (Merufina)

“For Japanese people to not have a bath in their livelihood is severe! … One day I will live in a house with a bathroom.” (Kelvin)

As I was burning with ambition towards my new objective, I opened the skill entries from the status screen.

While scrolling through the entries, I was looking for the intended skill.

“… There!” (Kelvin)

 

Hide (Grade F) – Required Skill Points: 10

Up to Grade F [Eyes of Identification] can be prevented.



Up to Grade F [Detection] can be prevented.

Objects can be hidden.

 

Acquiring this skill ought to be the highest priority in order to hide my status information.

After listening to Merufina’s explanation before, it is obvious that the degree of difficulty for the skills I possess is unusual.

If it became known that I possess such skills at Level 2, I would be regarded as totally suspicious.

Therefore I will raise [Hide] up to Grade D.

Currently I have excess war potential on the battlefield.

“With this the countermeasure against [Eyes of Identification] is OK for the moment. Before long I want to raise it up to Grade B if possible, but …” (Kelvin)

Also, for the sake of this, I intend to focus on doing subjugation requests starting tomorrow.

I want to raise my cooperation proficiency with Clotho, too.

Oh, yes! By the way, this afternoon Clotho raised its level by defeating 5 blue slimes as well.



10 growth points were earned.

What wonderful superiority, isn’t it? With those 10 points Clotho can purchase quite a few varied skills.

 

Absorb (Grade F) – Required Skill Points: 10

A portion of mana will be absorbed and converted into energy.

Also effective when magic attacks are used.

Depending on the skill rank, the absorption power will be raised.

 

A quite interesting skill.

The absorbed energy can also be used to restore (T/N: heal) oneself. Furthermore it can also be used for attacking.

If the skill rank rises, it might be possible to completely nullify magic.

From now on Clotho will have to keep working hard, too.

“However, today’s fights went beyond easy. Neither Clotho nor me received any damage.” (Kelvin)

『Blue slimes are monsters that even beginner adventurers can safely hunt. To lose with such power, on the contrary, would be embarrassing. Some specimen can surpass the standard level and become high level. It is also possible for some to evolve into a different species. Unpreparedness is one’s greatest enemy.』 (Merufina)

“Evolution? Monsters can raise their level and evolve?” (Kelvin)

『The level is not the absolute condition in this case. The surrounding environment, the preferred food and further various conditions. Particularly, Clotho’s race, the slimes, got a diverse evolution tree. I am also looking forward to what my evolution will be like.』(Merufina)

I don’t understand Merufina any more. How can she look forward so much to the time of evolution.

“Hee~ , Clotho might sooner or later evolve, too. I am anticipating it, Clotho.” (Kelvin)

Clotho seems to be in high spirits.

Well then, for the time being I should go and get a meal.

Since I forgot to eat anything as I was engrossed in battle during lunch time.

I suppose that this will be the first meal I enjoy in this alternate world.

 

Translation Notes

1 精霊歌亭 .. “seirei uta tei” .. Well aforementioned name is my take on it. In case I am wrong, feel free to tell me. :)

2 Well I was confused at first as I thought her forename is Clare, but that doesn’t seem to be case as it’s apparently “Forename Last name” order. Since the MC calls her Clare-san, I will refer to her as Clare too, even if it is her last name.
CHAPTER 7 – ROOKIE CRUSHER
Merely one week has passed since I came to this world.

If someone asked me what I was doing in that time span, the answer would be subjugation & subjugation.

The next day after the blue slime subjugation, I accepted yet another Rank F subjugation request. Since the request was far too easy I simply breezed through it.

From then on I only accepted Rank E subjugation requests.

“Congratulations, Kelvin-san! By successfully completing this request, your adventurer rank has risen to Rank E!” (Angie)

Angie gave her blessing.

In all honesty, there was no sense of accomplishment though.

The subjugation target monsters for Rank E were Orcs, Kobolds and their likes. Basically monsters priding themselves in group tactics trying to crush their opponents with numbers.

However they weren’t overly intelligent after all.

For the [Status Up] Clotho and me they were no enemies due to our mutual understanding.

“At the time while processing the Rank E request, I was wondering how it would work out for you. Kelvin-san hasn’t formed a party after all ~mon1 ” (Angie)

I can’t join one even if I want to.

In the case I joined a party, my summoner class would immediately be exposed.

But, even though I can’t join one, I got a reliable partner anyway.

『A follower who was materialized by casting [Summon] will automatically be added to your party, Master. Substantially they always are part of your party though.』(Merufina)

Substantially, huh?

Looking at it from the view of other guys, an adventurer group consisting of only one rookie magician was finishing requests one rank above their own one after the other. For that reason …. it was quite conspicuous.

『Did you plan to act while not standing out?』 (Merufina)

It is tedious.

Forgive me.

While talking to Merufina within my mind, Angie-san leaned across the counter and drew close to me.

Too close!

“Kelvin-san, did you serve in any country as court magician? For a rookie-san you are far too strong.” (Angie)

“Eh, eto, I cannot disclose any details. I’m sorry.” (Kelvin)

“Ah, no, I am sorry as well! It is strictly forbidden to inquire about such matters from adventurers, you know …” (Angie)

Please, forgive me for making up such a thing.

I apologized once more within my mind.

“But please be careful. Because it is Kelvin-san, you want to receive a Rank D request next, isn’t that right?” (Angie)

“Yes, that was my intention.” (Kelvin)

If I tell a lie while receiving a request, it will also be exposed.2

Therefore I replied honestly here.

“If I think it is really dangerous, I will run away. I am confident in my escape skills.” (Kelvin)

“Please properly prepare your equipment at least! You haven’t changed your equipment for a week, have you, Kelvin-san?!” (Angie)

Oh, now that she mentioned it, I haven’t bought anything new.

Excessive pride is no good either.

I can gradually change my equipment with the reward money I have received so far.

“Hahaha, I understand. I will get some brand new equipment … that being said, I would like to receive a Rank D request now, please.” (Kelvin)

“Mu~ , did you really understand it? Eeto, Rank D request, it is …” (Angie)

While Angie was confirming the request, a man standing close by called out to me.

“Talking about Rank D, how about a Black Soulknight3 subjugation?” (-)

“Black Soulknight?” (Kelvin)

“Ca-Cashel-san (T/N: >> Kasheru <<), you are back already …!” (Angie)

By the way, who is this guy? Although I have turned up at the guild several times already, I never saw this guy.

Going by the impression of his appearance, he is a blond-haired ikemen with a refreshing air around him. Yet I somehow sense an unpleasant aura emitting from him.

“Yaa, Angie-chan, I’m back.4 I just got back now.” (Cashel)

“… Thanks for your hard work. How did it go with your request?” (Angie)

“Of course, safely resolved. It was a slightly tough fight in the lizardmen’s den though. Hahaha.” (Cashel)

Although Angie had a smile plastered across her whole face, her expression was cramped.



Somehow the mood of the surrounding adventurers became gloomy as well.

“By the way, the buddy over there, didn’t you raise to Rank E just now? Congratulations! Your adventurer-senpai is happy for you!” (Cashel)

“Eeto, who are you?” (Kelvin)

“Otto, I haven’t introduced myself yet. I am Cashel. A Rank D adventurer.” (Cashel)

He was a man acting out a drama in every little way.

The surrounding adventurers started to whispering among themselves. I tried to listen in a bit.

<Saying such things without shame despite having the ability of a Rank B in reality.>

<His purpose in life is to crush rookies after all. I guess he is excited since he can aim for that rookie who took a Rank D request just now.>

<Haa, unfortunately there is no one who is stronger than Cashel in this guild. It might be best to pretend to not have seen anything.>

The adventurers, who drank inside the bar, talked in low voices.

There ought to be Rank D adventurers among them.

As they weren’t meddling in this situation although they had the same rank, it seems the things they said were true.

“My party has talked about subjugating Black Soulknights next. Do you want to come with us? Judging by your appearance, Rank E requests are starting to be no challenge for you any more.” (Cashel)

“P-Pl-Please wait! Certainly that request is Rank D, but those Black Soulknights are a lot stronger than the others! Most likely they are an evolved subspecies. That request is far too dangerous for Kelvin-san!” (Angie)

“Hahaha, Angie-chan, it’s all right. Considering what you talked about a while ago, he cleared the Rank E request by himself, isn’t that so? If he cooperates with us, it will be no problem at all.” (Cashel)

“That is …” (Angie)

Angie ended up holding her tongue back.

“Thanks for the offer, but I won’t join your party. There would be no gain in forming a party with me either.” (Kelvin)

“You don’t have to hold back. You can consider this as a part of life experience, too.” (Cashel)

This guy, he is quite persistent.

I don’t have any interest in him coming over here.

Incidentally, Angie had stopped interfering not too long ago. Seeing this opportunity, I will use [Eyes of Identification] to see just how dangerous this Cashel guy really is.

 

 



Cashel – 25 years old – Human – Magic Swordsman

Level: 34

Title: Murderer

HP: 315/315

MP: 104/104

STR: 156 <+20>

STA: 131

AGI: 126

MATK: 102

LUK: 89

Skill: Sword Mastery (Grade B)

Herculean Strength (Grade E)

White Magic (Grade E)

Spy (Grade E)

Hide (Grade F)

Art of Conversation (Grade E)

Skill points: 0

 

 

The status level can’t be compared to Clotho.

He possesses some disturbing skills as well. And above all else, that title … However it is extremely unlikely for Cashel to be caught, too.

He made me his target quite obviously.

That’s right, we will settle it here.

“That’s so, isn’t it? Well, how about a match then?” (Kelvin)

“Match?” (Cashel)

“Yes, how about a match who will defeat that monster Black Soulknight, we talked about earlier, first? Of course I will challenge it solo.” (Kelvin)

“Oi oi, it isn’t an enemy you can defeat by yourself. As planned I will receive the request and go with my party, is that fine with you?” (Cashel)

“I don’t mind.” (Kelvin)

Am I not walking into the trap that guy set up for me this way?

Cashel is completely aiming for me. Probably he will attack me while I am fighting that Black Soulknight. Or he might attack me while on the journey to the destination, I guess.

I don’t know whether it is because of his pleasure in murdering or to snatch the reward, he is a worthy opponent either way.

More than anything else, I want to show the results of my leveling and training.

Besides, I am quite sure that I want to try it.

『Master, this way of thinking is peculiar to battle maniacs.』 (Merufina)

Shut up.

“Fufu, you seem to be full of yourself. I am fine with the match.” (Cashel)

“Then let’s begin the match. Angie-san, the request, please.” (Kelvin)

“K-Ke-Kelvin-san …” (Angie)

Angie-san, who had turned her sight this way, had a facial expression that seemed to break out into tears any time soon. However I couldn’t afford to pull back here.

Let’s just say that I am finally allowed to test my own strength.

 

 

Translation Notes

1 Not sure yet if it is one of those special kinds of sentence endings in Japanese or if it should be translated by its meaning. I am leaving it as such for now.

2 Don’t remember it, but I think it might be one of the adventurer rules in regards to requests.

3 黒霊騎士 … Kuro rei kishi … for those wondering about it.

4 Tadaima … well, usually known as “I’m home.”
CHAPTER 8 – CASHEL
This chapter is partially written from Cashel’s POV but then again not, kind of a mix. His thoughts are written in italic.

For those wondering: Rank x will be used for requests and adventurer ranks. Grade x will be used for skills (always in [ ]). Just for differentiation.

“… so, how was it? Him.” (Cashel)

After Cashel left the guild, he entered a dark alley.

Two men were waiting for Cashel there. Beforehand those two were mingling with the other adventurers at the bar while having light-hearted talks here and there.

“… Ah, boss.1 That rookie, I think he might be an important person.” (-)

It was small dirty man with the air of a thief around him.

“Rank C going by my [Eyes of Identification]. At least that guy likely got Grade C [Hide] if not more, you know ssu~ .” (-)

“Hee, even though he was brandishing his useless pride in his own skills so recklessly? I wonder what he is hiding.” (Cashel)

“Oi, Cashel. Can we tease him a bit before killing him off? I want to fight him first!” (-)

Next to the small man, there was a lively, muscular giant standing.

Cashel shrugged his shoulders while exclaiming a “Yare yare2 ” as the giant was laughing.

Even though it’s the usual antics, that guy really has no self-restraint.

“Raji (T/N: >> Raji <<), calm down a bit, will ya? He challenged us to a match on his own accord. We should praise his conviction as his senpais.” (Cashel)

“This can also count as guidance, you know ssu~ . Raji, you are not allowed to break yet another one with all your strength ssu~ . Whatever you do, the basics are to be very very gentle ssu~ .” (-)

“I don’t really understand such difficult words! I will merely do him in just like always.” (Raji)

“As always a muscle-brain ssu~ …” (-)

Cashel ran across those two about half a year ago.

While they were raiding and scavenging a certain village, although it was by coincidence he happened to pass by and thus their cooperation began.

To begin with, Cashel himself was at that time also searching for prey in that area.

Although he is an adventurer, he also carries an aspect of deriving pleasure from murdering others.

Occasionally he used his well-featured outer appearance and at other times he displayed his mastery of the sword in front of them as a lure. Since he possessed the skills [Spy] and [Hide] he smoothly coerced them while hiding his true intentions.

The name of the small man is Gimul (T/N: >> Gimuru <<).

He was a member of a famous band of thieves before the group was annihilated in a fight with a high-ranking adventurer.

Being aware of the nature of that adventurer due to his [Eyes of Identification], he escaped before anyone else could.

Though it was sly, this swift action saved his life.



From then on he lived his life filled with a void every day.

Before he ran away, he took out one knife.

He realized that the means of him surviving was only one way.

The giant man was Raji.

By nature, he was a mercenary wandering the battlefields in his search for blood.

However, he not only slaughtered the enemy but occasionally ordinary citizens as well. During war time both countries agreed to put him on the wanted list for his brutal nature.

Although it was also amusing to kill the bounty hunters who came for his head, it gradually became unpleasant.

Heading towards far off lands, he moved from nation to nation.

Those three different characters met in that village in the end.

Without even the time for the guild and nation to send reinforcements, they destroyed the village completely.

Leaving no more than a gruesome scene behind, Cashel used [Hide] on the thing resembling a mountain of corpses.

Although it would be exposed due to the level of the skill being Grade F, if [Eyes of Identification] were to be used, it was a temporary solution until they could dispose of it.

Having found kindred spirits, the three proceeded to agree on a mutual goal they could do together while keeping their different conduct.



As it was quite hilarious that their base was the town Pazu they enjoyed themselves while not leaving a trail of their deeds. Recently they were overdoing it though.

A rumor that Cashel was abusing his position as an adventurer to hunt rookies had begun to spread.

From that time onwards it went so far that suspicious looks were directed at Cashel wherever he went. Occasionally Gimul and Raji simply considered it to be all right to abandon Cashel.

That didn’t mean they would reveal his actions to the public right away though. When the time was ripe, they would sell out Cashel in order to gain the achievement of catching him by themselves …

Recently Kelvin came to the town Pazu. Cashel was absent on a campaign. Gimul and Raji spent their days drinking in the bar.

It was just a matter of time before they would target Kelvin who was completing requests consecutively in a short amount of time.

“Still, going ahead and causing us work … to actually defeat a Black Soulknight solo … I hate it that I don’t know what he is thinking. What do you think?”

“No idea. I wonder if he is a simpleton confident in his own victory? Not that it would make any difference.”

“Good! Good! Defeating him will be well worth it!” (Raji)

“… Maa, at that time I will leave it to you, Raji.” (Gimul)

Gimul and Raji didn’t notice.

Cashel had planned to use this match to get rid of them to begin with.

Cashel had realized it himself, too.

It wouldn’t be unusual for himself to be accused of the crime of hunting rookies.

The place the Black Soulknights appeared was an old castle filled with evil spirits classifying it as a Rank D dungeon.

He was told that the Black Soulknights appeared inside the deepest part of the castle. Of those drawn in and those gathered by the guild to tackle the Rank D request, no one has returned as a result.

On that occasion Cashel went on an expedition and using his [Spy] skill he scouted the area. Quite obviously it wasn’t just a Black Soulknight.

Let’s use that guy to remove the nuisances.

Cashel refined his plan to use the rookie hunt as bait.

Unlike the rookie adventurer, those three had miscalculated. After all they didn’t particularly pay any attention to him and neither were they vigilant towards him.

At the point of time when Gimul’s [Eyes of Identification] were resisted, they ought to have noticed it.

For him to be endowed with skills far beyond Grade C.

Translation Notes

1 danna … can mean a lot of things, I opted for boss here as it fits the setting perfectly.

2 exclamation of relief or disappointment, border line to a sfx but well not quite.
After receiving the request, Kelvin left the guild and went towards the store in order to get new weapons and armor.

As he had saved up a few funds from doing Rank E requests as is, it ended up this way. He wanted to keep his promise to Angie-san.

He sold the wood rod and instead got a new green wand. The same happened to his old armor, he replaced his travelers equipment with a magic robe.

His new wand had a good affinity with green magic, so he anticipated to receive a magic boost from it.

“For the time being I am paying attention to the three guys with [Presence Perception]. But it’s strange that they didn’t start it inside the town.” (Kelvin)

『Because there are too many risks involved, you know. I think they will try to attack us in the dungeon.』 (Merufina)

[Presence Perception] is a skill that lets me vaguely feel the presence of living things in my direct surroundings.

However, if you have once identified and remembered someone’s signature, it became also possible to track their whereabouts and be aware of their situation, if you paid attention to it.

Acquiring this skill is a good countermeasure against [Spy]. It was an unexpected gain.

I had been aware of the fact that his comrades were in the adventurer’s bar beforehand.

After all I had checked the statuses of every adventurer in there using my [Eyes of Identification] in advance.

In the case it was a dangerous person I remembered their status and face in order to work out a plan for countermeasures if necessary.

Among those there were some especially dangerous individuals. Those guys were Gimul and Raji, who drank sake everyday in the bar.

Both, their levels and statuses, were far superior to the other adventurers.

And, the deciding factor was that both had the same kind of title as in Cashel’s case.

Gimul’s was Villain and Raji’s was Multicide.1

Because those two were everyday sitting together gulping down sake, I was looking out for them even if it was something unpleasant to do.

『Incidentally, when Cashel came calling out to us, those two were the quickest to notice it.』 (Merufina)

“Ah, especially Gimul, because he has Grade C [Eyes of Identification]. It’s a good thing that I raised [Hide] early on.” (Kelvin)

At the time I finished the request on the first day, I was quite intent on obtaining that skill.

If I had been just a bit slower, it might have lead to a serious disadvantage now.

However, I didn’t expect another guy who had [Eyes of Identification] besides me to join in either.

It was a riddle why he had stayed idle without saying anything.

Even if he had such a title, wouldn’t it have been in vain to try having him arrested unless he was caught red-handed?

“Looking at the extent of their statuses, it feels like Raji is a combat professional while Gimul’s duty is to supports with reconnaissance.”(Kelvin)

Gimul – 19 years old – Human – Thief

Level: 27

Title: Villain

HP: 92/92

MP: 36/36

STR: 84

STA: 81

AGI: 132

MATK: 30



LUK: 29

Skills:

Throwing (Grade E)

Eyes of Identification (Grade C)

Hide Detection (Grade C)

Skill points: 6

Raji – 33 years old – Human – Berserker

Level: 36

Title: Multicide

HP: 370/370

MP: 0/0

STR: 230 <+40>

STA: 169 <+40>

AGI: 37

MATK: 37

LUK: 51

Skills:



Martial Arts (Grade C)

Herculean Strength (Grade D)

Iron Wall (Grade D)

Natural Recovery (Grade F)

Skill points: 2

I see … at any rate, let’s head towards the Old Castle of Evil Spirits.

It seems those three won’t take any action until I start to make my move.

It’s not a situation where waiting for a long time will resolve it with a victory.

Traveling north across the forest where I woke up for the first time in this world, the Old Castle of Evil Spirits was a short walk ahead following an animal trail.

Just a little while ago this Rank D dungeon was an activity point for adventurers who had the necessary skills. Since the Black Soulknight appeared its popularity disappeared over night.

For that reason, I am the only person at this dungeon right now.

It seems Cashel’s party was still traveling within the forest.

“Be that as it may, not a single monster with the undead attribute came out …” (Kelvin)

I complain while using [Wind] to fly up.

『Isn’t that an attribute you are weak against, Master?』 (Merufina)

“I don’t like to look at those things.” (Kelvin)

In this dungeon there were many monsters such as zombies and spirits. Their typical appearance wasn’t very good to look at.

Mainly it was a matter of emotions though.

It’s not as bad that I am trembling, but disgusting things remain disgusting.

Maa, as I advance I will get used to this feeling, too,  and it will fade away.

Because I am also able to destroy them by myself, Clotho’s turn hasn’t come up yet.

Currently it was on standby within me.

Incidentally, after defeating several tens of zombies, I arrived before a huge door.

“… I don’t want to enter.” (Kelvin)

I felt a powerful presence behind that huge door in front of me.

“Cashel’s party … did they enter this dungeon just now? If they follow the path where I just cleared all monsters, they will arrive here in about 5 minutes.” (Kelvin)

『Their strategy is to attack Master in a pincer attack while Master is fighting the Black Soulknight?』 (Merufina)

Surveying the vicinity a bit, Kelvin pondered.

In front of the huge door there was a medium-sized room. Behind him there was nothing but the passageway he used to arrive here.

“Alright, let’s begin the preliminary arrangements.” (Kelvin)

 

 

Translation Notes

1 The original would be someone who slaughtered masses of people/ someone doing atrocities. Well I opted against Mass Murderer cause it sounded too plain! ;)
CHAPTER 10 – TRAP
After the preparations were done, I waited for a little while.

Then Cashel’s party finally arrived at the inner room I am waiting at.

“Ah, Cashel-san arrived, too, huh? Those two gentlemen over there are members of your party, right? Somehow it seems that on the other side of that huge door the Black Soulknight is laying in wait.” (Kelvin)

“Although it was a match to determine who would subjugate it first, you went through the trouble of waiting for us? Very gentlemanly, aren’t you?” (Cashel)

Did I go contrary to Cashel’s expectations? He wears a slightly surprised expression.

Just as Merufina had declared a little while ago, obviously they had planned to assault me while I was fighting the Black Soulknight. Or maybe they planned to pick the time when I was neglecting my back during the combat.

For the person who challenged them to the match himself to wait for them, they didn’t seem to have considered that possibility at all.

“It appears that the Black Soulknight is restricted as long you don’t go on the other side of the door. Because strangely it didn’t come to attack over here.” (Kelvin)

Kii….

While saying this, the door opened a little.

Through the gap in the door a giant in a daunting pose wearing a jet black full plate armor could be seen.

In his hand he held an all black bastard sword. 1

Rather than waiting for its prey to come, it was plainly obvious that it was protecting something.

“And, what? Since it is impossible for you to defeat it by yourself after all, you want to cooperate with us?!” (Raji)

Raji raised his voice.

I want him to stop because his loud voice rings in the ears in this airtight space.

“Not quite correct. Of course, I will win the match. However, if someone were to interfere in my fight with the Black Soulknight, it would be troublesome. No, maybe I should rather say I would be troubled if you were to defeat the Black Soulknight?” (Kelvin)

I stopped using keigo.2 As I returned to using casual speech, the three people slowly began to enter combat stances.

Cashel and Raji advanced as vanguards while Gimul fell back to the rear.

“… Danna, this bastard already knew about us ssu~” (Gimul)

“Fuu, noticing it and yet still approaching us solo, not even comprehending the significance of that. Were you employed by the guild? Or, are you aiming for Raji’s3bounty?” (Cashel)

“Oh no, I am just concerned about the match. To begin with, the first ones to come charging are you guys, don’t you agree?” (Kelvin)

“Even then, you lured us her for the purpose of trapping us, no? The reason for you pretending to be a rookie was to gain so many achievements and to get us interested in your case.” (Cashel)

“You, what a guy … Indeed! Your skill rank is bound to be high!” (Raji)

Somehow they deepened their misunderstanding of the conversation … it must be because the skill is high!

『The situation isn’t bad. Please go ahead and make some sort of decision.』(Merufina)

hei hei 4

“Maa, either of them is fine. Although you planned to let me walk into your trap, it is you guys who walked into my trap. It’s merely such a story.” (Kelvin)

“Hehe, newcomer-danna, if you are going to pick a place, isn’t this a slightly poor location? There is nothing but the entrance and exit in the back and behind this huge door there is the Black Soulknight. On top of that, the situation at this moment is 3 versus 1. That’s plenty disadvantageous, no?” (Raji)

Ah, that’s right.

As it is right now, that is, but …

“Isn’t it enough of this tedious talk? You are merely scared, the huge oaf over there, hurry up and start the fight.” (Kelvin)

“Who is scared in this case, eh !? Lowly people such as magicians are just talking big lies! So, bye bye!” (Raji)

Raji heads in a straight line for me.

Just as I thought, he was provoked with the cheap provocations.

Obvious as daylight, a simple-minded person.

“Raji! Don’t get provoked!” (Cashel)



Cashel yelled right away, but it was too late.

The magic I prepared in advanced began its invocation.

“Uo !?” (Raji)

Up until just now the ground was empty, but suddenly it changed into a swamp restricting Raji’s legs.

“You son of a bitch! What have you done?!” (Raji)

“Well, I am sure you want to know what the hell I have done.” (Kelvin)

There is no need to go “What!” He was welcomed by the Grade D green magic [Fetters of quagmire – Mud Bind] which was concealed with [Hide].

This magic changes the foothold to a bottomless quagmire snatching away the mobility of your opponent.

Strictly speaking, the grounds surface changed into a quagmire merely below the target. Thus there are many situations where it ends up being exposed, for example if the one in duty of support in a party used magic. The concealment this time wasn’t seen through and because of his ego he went straight into the trap by his own accord.

“This is … [Hide]?” (Cashel)

“Ah, it wasn’t caught by my [Hide Detection] either ssu~” (Gimul)

Maa, with the degree of Grade C it only has a slim chance to be seen through.

Considering this, [Hide] is a quite decent skill actually.

“Shit, such a degree of quagmire. Having my physical strength …!” (Raji)

“You better don’t try to move by force. After all it is bottomless.” (Kelvin)

While giving this advice, I shot [Wind] at each of the three people.

Cashel advanced while avoiding it. He headed towards me as he made a detour around the quagmire.

Although Raji was hit, he strangely didn’t receive any damage.



Gimul was …

“Oi, Gimul, you bastard, don’t just run away!” (Raji)

“Hehe, don’t hate me danna, Raji, before I am crushed to death it’s easier to leave. That newcomer-san is bad news. That’s what my instinct tells me ssu~ . So long!” (Gimul)

『Master, Gimul has begun to escape. Cashel will reach you in about 10 seconds.』(Merufina)

I know.

Even so, I had expected this to happen.

“Block the passage, Clotho” (Kelvin)

My magic range extends from this room until the passageway.

Therefore it is possible to summon Clotho in the back of Cashel’s party.

“Wh-What did you do!?” (Gimul)

Casting its light. the magic square was instantly deployed at the entrance to the passageway.

Being on guard, Gimul stopped.

As the light faded, Gimul saw the slime which wasn’t there before.

Having the same degree of height as Raji, it was an enormous slime.

Clotho – 0 years old – Gender: none – Slime Gluttonia (T/N: >> Gurantonia <<)

Level: 12

Title: The one who eats until exhaustion

HP: 465/465 <+100>

MP: 176/176 <+100>

STR: 223 <+100>

STA: 231 <+100>

AGI: 196 <+100>

MATK: 180 <+100>

LUK: 191 <+100>

Skills:

Overeating (Unique Skill) (T/N: !!!!!!!!!! Are you a frigging spider? xD)

Absorption (Grade D)

Storage (Grade B)

Stun Reduction by half

Buffs: Summoning Technique / Mana Supply (Grade S)

Skill points: 50

Translation Notes

1 Taiken … can also mean large sword and long sword so could be a broadsword or a bastard sword as well. I went with bastard sword for this one.

2 Polite speech

3 The author wrote Raji’s group here, but as far as I know neither Cashel nor Gimul got bounties on their heads, so I went with singular here.

4 yea yea
CHAPTER 11 – SLIME GLUTTONIA
 

Just a few days ago Clotho evolved into a different slime.

As usual we took a subjugation request, obviously.

It happened when Clotho was absorbing the monster he had defeated.

“Well then, with this today’s request is finished successfully, too … Clotho, oi, what’s wrong?” (Kelvin)

Clotho had abruptly stopped moving.

Its slime body entered a state of continuous trembling *puru puru*. Even calling out to it, didn’t cause it to move at all.

Additionally, using the communication network didn’t yield any results either as it didn’t react to anything.

“Are you alright, Clotho !?” (Kelvin)

『Master, Clotho has started to evolve.』 (Merufina)

“Evolution … the thing you talked about before?” (Kelvin)

『Yes. Although I don’t understand what has become the trigger for it yet. Let’s watch the situation for now.』 (Merufina)

Merufina is correct. I will also watch it.

Honestly, I am terribly worried and the suspense is killing me.

『It should be anytime now.』 (Merufina)

As Merufina said so, Clotho’s body began to radiate a bright light.

The light settled down and Clotho’s body became visible … Are, what’s up with this kind of body size …

“C-Cl-Clotho, you became quite huge …” (Kelvin)

Previously Clotho’s height approximately reached to my knee, but now it easily exceeds my full stature because of its growth.

Even if it was called a growth period, there should be a limit to it, I would think.

『… Slime Gluttonia』 (Merufina)

“That’s the species Clotho evolved into?” (Kelvin)

Remembering it, I used my [Eyes of Identification] to retrieve Clotho’s status.

“Incredible, all statuses across the board were risen, weren’t they? … This [Overeating] skill, although it is called an unique skill, what’s the difference to the regular skills?” (Kelvin)

『Every race has an unique skill. Or a chosen original skill which is only owned by the individual. Contrary to a regular skill, those skills manifest a powerful effect. The new [Overeating] skill Clotho has just acquired apparently is a skill that allows it to eat a portion of its target’s status to absorb it into it’s own status.』 (Merufina)

Then in such a situation, wouldn’t it become absurdly powerful in proportion to eating without limit?

Up until now, Clotho has absorbed all the monsters we defeated for the subjugation requests. That would result in its status to raise each time it has absorbed a monster.

In theory it’s the advent of the strongest Clotho!

『This time Clotho has evolved into the species1 “Slime Gluttonia.” A monster that appeared several hundred years ago in the Water nation Toularge (T/N: >> Toraji <<). Although Clotho is still very young, the monster that appeared at Toularge was an adult. Toularge was a magic nation having dozens of court magicians specialized in Blue magic. No matter what grand magic was used, the Slime Gluttonia ate it all in order to extinguish it. Toularge was driven to partial destruction just before a hero incidentally appeared who defeated the slime.』 (Merufina)

It seems as if Clotho is a Maou … also, Heroes exist here after all.

『In reality, Slime Gluttonia’s are passed on as semi-Maou class in history records. As for the case of heroes, they exist in this age as well. Given that they were transferred to this world just a while ago.』 (Merufina)

“… Hai? 2 ” (kelvin)



『Because the priestess of the Divine Empire Delamis (T/N: >> Deramisu <<) performed the ceremony of Otherworld Summoning. Doesn’t it feel like it would be currently a good time to do so? It’s difficult to gather good looking men and women.』 (Merufina)

“You, such a dreadful way to gloss over the main point without any hesitation … Maa, going with the flow, is there some kind of template of the Maou revival?” (Kelvin)

『Something along those lines. Master, please be relieved as these affairs have absolutely no relation to you. Because I am tired of such events as well, it’s better to not be involved with them, please.』 (Merufina)

“Ah, I see …” (Kelvin)

We will wait-and-see if I am not related to this.

The situation with Clotho is more important now.

There will be a celebration today!

◆◇◆◇◆

“W-Wh-What’s this slime? … I don’t know this species ssu~ !” (Gimul)

Clotho appeared in front of his eyes, throwing Gimul into extreme confusion.

Even so, that was only natural, as he used his [Eyes of Identification] to see the status of Clotho.

An unknown species boasting status values far above his own with an unique skill in spite of its low level … furthermore buffed with something like the Summoning Technique.

Without sufficiently grasping what he was seeing, he ended up in total confusion.

“Oi, Gimul, what’s wrong! What’s with this slime!?” (Raji)

“Gimul, fall back! You are too close to the monster!” (Cashel)

Cashel had stopped. Raji raised his voice while struggling with the quagmire. Gimul couldn’t stop his trembling.

“Clotho, do it” (Kelvin)



While paying attention to Cashel, I give Clotho the order.

Clotho transformed a part of his body into a whip and attacked Gimul.

Naturally, Gimul wasn’t able to react.

“Gu … Ha …” (Gimul)

His body received Clotho’s attack. It blew him away until he hit the wall.

He was only breathing faintly already.

“Maa, with an endurance of 81 that should be expected.” (Kelvin)

“You, even [Eyes of Identification] too …” (Cashel)

Cashel turned to me as he prepared his sword.

“Oi oi, your expression is changing for the worse, Cashel-senpai.” (Kelvin)

“Gu …” (Raji)

For a brief moment a loud sound reverberated.

It was Raji.

“Uoooo! <Furious Fist of Ogre’s Wrath3 > ooooo !” (Raji)

A red aura was wrapped around Raji’s fist as he stroke the quagmire.

The swamp swallowing him up to his knees evaporated.

In Raji’s eyes Clotho was reflected. He was laughing happily just like a child.

“Cashe~~~l! I will keep this slime company! You can do something about the man!” (Raji)

“… Considering your muscle-brain, it is an appropriate decision. I will manage somehow.” (Cashel)

Tsk, Cashel has regained his calm, huh?

That Raji is a battle maniac with a haphazard behaviour. It seems that this time it took a troublesome direction.

『You were a little too self-conceited. You should have finished him off while he was bound by the quagmire.』 (Merufina)

Ah, that’s my miss.

If you seal someone, then seal them completely. If you do someone in, then do them in completely.

After acquiring the [Courage] skill, I thought it would be fine, but I guess there is still some hesitation.

It is necessary to reflect on this.

“Fuu, then, it’s time to redeem myself, huh?” (Kelvin)

“What’s the problem? It may be difficult, but will you let me receive your full power? Rookie-san.” (Cashel)

“Ah, I’d like to do that but that would be troublesome, too. I will allow you practice with a partner of higher skill, Cashel-senpai” (Kelvin) (T/N: *fufufu*)

Translation Notes

1 Merufina calls it a species/race/family … but to me it sounds more like a subspecies. I will leave the sub- away for the moment even though I find it a bit odd.

2 Usually it would be “Yes?” but in English “What?” would fit much better, so I left the original.

3 怒鬼烈拳 … for those interested.
CHAPTER 12 – CONCLUSION
“Seii! <Furious Kick of Ogre’s Wrath> uuu !!!” (Raji)

Raji clad his right leg in red aura and attacked Clotho with a roundhouse kick using his entire body’s force.

It was a serious attack of a Rank B adventurer possessing true strength having enough power to blow a hole into the castle’s walls.

The pressure exerted resembled the power used to break Kelvin’s bottomless swamp he had conjured with Mud Bind.

It seems he learned this skill as an adventurer. Taking it on from the front would lead to an instant death with little chance to escape that fate.

Thinking of it as he had forged his [Martial Art] skill in his time as a mercenary, you could only call it a finishing move.

*poyon* …

The power of that finishing move struck Clotho’s body while giving off a stupid sound at the same time. It ended up being completely absorbed.

It was the effect of the skill [Stun Reduction by Half] Clotho possessed.

Thus, Raji’s compatibility towards Clotho was overwhelmingly bad.

“You shitty eyeball ! What’s this slime’s body made of !? My technique had no effect at all !” (Raji)

If Gimul had told Raji about Clotho’s status he had read by using [Eyes of Identification], he would have known about the reason for that.

Now there was no way for him to be aware of it though.

From the start Raji wasn’t someone who was overly knowledgeable about the details of skills.

“Gu, not yet !” (Raji)

Just like Clotho dealt with Gimul, it transformed a part of its body into a whip and began to attack Raji.

However, the number of whips had increased to 4.

The attacks approached Raji from all four directions. Focusing on defense, Raji’s somehow managed to endure the current situation by parrying the attacks.

The choice to avoid them didn’t even exist.

Clotho also rivaled Raji in physical strength and endurance. However, there was a hopeless difference in speed.

Consequently, there was nothing but Raji’s situation getting gradually worse and worse.

While being agitated, Raji suddenly threw himself on the ground in order to get out of the range of Clotho’s body whips.

Raju retreated from that body in the opposite direction.

“… What will you do now?” (Raji)

Following his line of sight, there was a quagmire ahead.

Incidentally comparing it to the size of Raji, it was very small.

Clotho absorbed the quagmire Kelvin had created with magic earlier.

—– In that case, Clotho transform the [Fetters of Quagmire – Mud Bind] that was torn earlier into nourishment for yourself.

Clotho faithfully followed Kelvin’s order and absorbed the magic power of Mud Bind.

The tiny damage it had received was completely healed. The excess magic power was stored away in [Storage].

Besides storing magic power this skill [Storage] was able to hold onto items, weapons and armor, so to speak it was an Item Box.

Furthermore it was possible for Clotho to store a part of its body in it to adjust the size of its own body in such manner.

“You, your power has also increased !?” (Raji)

The attacks of the whips further gained in strength. At last Raji became unable to move his body.

By now Raji was in a condition of being barely alive.

Seeing this chance, Clotho used its whips to entwine the limbs of Raji and thus sealed his movement.

It jumped up in a big way as is.

“I, I give uuuuuuuuup !!!” (Raji)

The large body crashed onto Raji.

Taking the full brunt Raji’s HP dropped to 0. Without care Clotho began to devour him … (T/N: *fufufufu*)

 

◆◇◆◇◆

 

Cashel brandished his beloved sword and casted the Grade E White magic [Auspicious(TN: >> Osupishasu <<) Luck ] 1 on himself.

This magic granted the target automatic recovery and added a weak <Luck Up>.

It was in order to increase the advantage in combat even if it was just a little. It was a popular tactic to use magic to apply strengthening to oneself.

In fact, Kelvin finished casting the Grade D Green magic [Wind Speed – Sonic Boots] on himself increasing his agility.

For adventurers having a limit on available skill points, they tended to focus on improving one skill.

Rather than obtaining a great number of Grade F skills, there also were a lot more benefits in the method of having one superior skill.

There were some people obtaining nothing but Grade F skills as well, but in reality there was a limit to how many skills you were able to possess.

That limit differed for each person, some could have 10 while others were able to have 20, too.

However, it was practically impossible to know the limit without actually testing it out.



Cashel was what the society would call a pretending prodigy considering the upper limit of the skill points he had earned.

But, he was still doing quite well as he had ranked up to Rank B.

That was the extent of his talent. However, he wasn’t able to breach the wall called Rank A.

He single-mindedly focused on leveling his [Sword Mastery] up until now, after having recently racked his brains about what to do.

Thinking about it, he might also have reached the title “Murderer” by aiming to gain vast amounts of experience.

This time he had planned to kill Gimul and Raji as well. Most likely that was the main reason for doing it.

Of course, because of Kelvin all his plans would come to nothing in the end.

“You are a monster trainer … no, a summoner, right?” (Cashel)

“… Ah, that’s right” (Kelvin)

“Hahaha, I have been an adventurer for a long time, but this is the first time I see one myself. That’s the summoning technique, huh? I see, it’s a powerful skill.” (Cashel)

Cashel nodded as if he was agreeing to something.

“If that’s the case, my level will increase some more if I defeat you, who holds this skill.” (Cashel)

“You, have you been murdering all this time for such a reason?” (Kelvin)

“It’s a cruel method, isn’t it? Killing people gives you a lot more experience than defeating monsters. And if it is a high level adventurer even more so.” (Cashel)

“You, aren’t you actually avoiding fighting those who are stronger than you?” (Kelvin)

“… What was that?” (Cashel)

The facial expression of Cashel, who was smiling up until now, became clouded.

“Didn’t you remain as a Rank D adventurer because you were scared of monsters that are stronger than you? Didn’t you only target rookie-adventurers because you were trembling in fear facing people who are stronger than you?” (Kelvin)

“D-Do-Don’t s-spout such f-fo-foolishness! For me such …” (Cashel)

“Maa, it seems you are not aware of it yourself. But I can’t accept that there are victims because of you.” (Kelvin)

Kelvin raised his wand.

“I am burning to win over those who are stronger than me. Won’t I stay a weakling forever, if I can’t do this much?” (Kelvin) 2

“Shut up! I’m not in denial! Aaaahh !!!” (Cashel)

Has he lost his cool? Cashel charged ahead with all his might.

He is trying to make up his naivety with guts.

He slipped right under Kelvin’s nose swiftly like the wind getting as close as point blank.



“Show me if you can dodge this! <Swift Sword of the Mist> 3 !” (Cashel)

Cashel used his secret skill <Swift Sword of the Mist>.

The sword disappeared and furthermore the sword assaulted Kelvin in an instant. Cashel himself switched into his [Spy] state in order to hit the target hidden next to it. At least, it was supposed to happen like this.

“Barrier … is it!?” (Cashel)

Before Cashel could swing down his sword, a huge, seriously strong barrier appeared reaching all the way to the high ceiling of the inner room.

It was the Rank C Green magic [Absolute Castle Wall of the Precipice 4 – Ground Rampart (T/N: >> Asuranpato <<)] belonging to the top-ranking defensive magic types.

As its durability exceeded a weaker castle wall, Cashel’s sword strike ended up losing all its meaning.

“This, it’s just like an earth wall!” (Cashel)

“Thanks to this wall you lost sight of me though.” (Kelvin)

“You …” (Cashel)

After Kelvin cast [Absolute Castle Wall of the Precipice – Ground Rampart], it was already too late for Cashel to come over from his side to Kelvin’s side.

While Cashel’s attention was bound to the wall in front of him, Kelvin used [Wind Speed – Sonic Boots] to boost his agility reaching a terrifying level of speed.

It wasn’t possible to perceive his movements anymore either.

“… the heck, you …” (Cashel)

Cashel eagerly turned around.

The last thing he saw was the tempest bastard sword — imitating its shape was the wand clad in surging winds.

With one swing of the sword Cashel was cut into two alongside the [Absolute Castle Wall of the Precipice – Ground Rampart].

Choosing the Grade A Green magic [Supreme Sword of the Insane Whirlwind 5 – Vortex Edge] spelled the end of the fight.

“Un, after all the sword of an amateur is no good. It looks like I have to get the [Sword Mastery] skill, huh?” (Kelvin)

That voice was the only sound left remaining.

 

 

 

Kelvin – 23 years old – male – Human – Summoner

Level: 17

Title: none

HP: 175/175

MP: 350/350 <-100 at the time Clotho is summoned, Merufina?>

STR: 38

STA: 39

AGI: 106

MATK: 172

LUK: 140

Skills:

Summoning (Grade S) Open Slots: 8

Eyes of Identification (Grade S)

Green Magic (Grade A)

Presence Perception (Grade D)

Hide (Grade B)

Courage (Grade C)

Army Commander (Grade B)

Growth rate x2

Skill points x2

Experience sharing

 

 

Translation Notes

1 No idea how to smartly spell it any other way. I split the katakana, got the spelling of the various parts and combined them again.

2 Kelvin expresses what he assesses Cashel to be thinking.

3 霞迅剣 for those wanting to know.

4 絶崖城壁 for those having a better idea.

5 狂飆の覇剣
第１３話　黒霊騎士
Chapter 13 Black Soul Knight

カシェルとの戦闘を終え、俺はクロトと合流した。
After finishing the battle with Cashel, I joined Clotho.

「クロトも無事のようだな」
“Clotho seems to be safe”

三人組の最後の一人であるギムルの倒れる場所へ進む。既にギムルは息絶えたようだ。
I advance to the place where Gimuru which is last one of group of 3 falls down to. Gimuru seemed to already cease to breathe.

「めぼしい物は…… カシェルの剣くらいか。クロト、死体を吸収してくれ。あと、ＭＰ回復薬も出してくれ」
“The valuable thing…… the sword of Cashel? Clotho, absorb the corpse. And take out also an MP recovery potion.

鑑定すると、カシェルの剣はＣ級武器“ミスリルソード”だと判った。特殊な効果はないが、攻撃力が高く結構良い剣のようだ。クロトに保管しておいてもらおう。ちなみに俺が装備している深緑の杖とマジックローブはＥ級だ。低級依頼を10回達成したところで、高級品を買える訳がないのだ。
When appraised, it has been understood, the sword of Cashel is class C weapon “[Mithril Sword]”. Though there is no special effect, the offensive power of the sword is high and considerably good. I will have Clotho keep it. By the way magic robe and cane of jade that I is equipped is class E. In the place where a low request was achieved ten times, there is no reason that can buy quality goods(TLN:doesn’t makes much sense for me).

クロトがカシェルとギムルの亡骸を吸収している間に、クロトの保管に入れていた回復薬を飲んでＭＰを回復させる。カシェルとの戦いは結果を見れば圧勝であったが、実の所それほど余裕はなかった。煽りに煽って激昂させもしたが、ステータス面で負ける部分も多く、スキルに頼った戦い方になってしまった。
While Clotho has absorbed remains of Cashel and Gimuru, MP is recovered taking the recovery potion put in Clotho’s storage. Although the fight against Cashel was overwhelming victory and if you look at the results, actually there is no room to spare. Though it fuels and it boiled to the fuel, The part defeated on the status side is many, too, It has become how that relies on the skill to fight(TLN:I don’t get this).

『カシェルに色々仰っていましたが、あなた様もそれほど強者と戦ったことありませんよね？』
“I have various things to say to Cashel, you have not fought against a strong man that much too?”

「これから戦う予定なんですよー」
“I am going to fight from now on”

そう、ここまでは前哨戦。これからが本番だ。扉の隙間から鑑定眼で確認したが、これから戦う悪霊の古城のボス・黒霊騎士は俺達よりも格上のモンスターだ。
So, even here is a skirmish. I confirmed it with appraisal from the gap of the door, after this I have to fight the old castle of evil spirit’s black soul knight – a monster that is higher rank than us.

＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝
ジェラール　138歳　男　黒霊騎士長　暗黒騎士
Gerard – 138 years old – Male – black soul knight chief – Dark knight
レベル：53
Level: 53
称号　：憂国の守護者
Title: Guardian of Patriotism
ＨＰ　：647/647
ＭＰ　：162/162
筋力(Physical Strength)　：478（+160）
耐久(Endurance)　：490（+160）
敏捷(Agility)　：163
魔力(Magic Power)　：112
幸運(Luck)　：97
スキル：忠誠（固有スキル）
Skills: Loyalty (inherent skill)
剣術（Ａ級） Fencing (Class A)
剛力（Ｂ級） Herculean strength (Class B)
鉄壁（Ｂ級） Impregnable guard (Class B)
心眼（Ｃ級） The mind’s eye (Class C)
軍団指揮（Ｂ級） Army corps command(B class)



闇属性半減 Darkness attribute reduction by half
スキルポイント (Skill points)：178
＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝

「何というか、すごく仲間にしたいな！」
“What do you say, I want to make a friend very much!”
『緊張感の欠片もありませんね』
“There is not the fragment of the feeling of strain, too”

メルフィーナのツッコミはさて置き、今回の相手はネームドモンスター。名前持ちだ。事前に調査した情報によると、ネームドモンスターは知性があり、人語を話す個体もいると言う。代表的なのはドラゴン種だ。他にも人型は高確率で話すって書いてあったっけな。
Let’s leave Tsukkomi of Merufi-na, the other party is a named monster. It is name durability(TLN: Gerard?). According to the information that I investigated beforehand, named monsters are intelligent, it is said that there is an individual that speaks the human speech, too. The typical one is the dragon kind. It is also written that humanoids have high probability to speak.

『知性あるモンスターとの契約は一筋縄ではありません。弱らせるだけでなく、あなた様を認めさせなければなりません』
“Contract with the intelligent monster is not tricky. Only not weakening, but also recognize you”

認めさせる、か。一概に戦って勝利だけでは済みそうにないな。
I need to be recognized? A war does not seem to get off only with victory unconditionally(TLN: even if he won by any means, something like that).

『調教師にも言えることですが、レベルの低いモンスターを育て、進化させるのが一般的です。いきなりボスを配下にしようとする者はいません』
“It is normal to trainers to raise low-ranked monster. Suddenly trying to make a boss into a subordinate.”
「クロトをブルースライムから進化させるのと同じか」
“Is it the same as evolve Clotho from the blue slime?”
『クロトの進化は異例なのですが…… その認識でよろしいかと』
“The evolution of Clotho is exceptional … … Is it all right by the recognition?”



「まあ、無理かどうかはやってみないと分からんよ」
“Well, we won’t know wether if it will work if we don’t try”
クロトに向き直る。
I turn toward Clotho.

「クロト、黒霊騎士は俺にとって、お前にとっても初めての強敵だ。出し惜しみはするな」
“Clotho, the black soul knight for me, is the first powerful enemy for you. Do not be stingy.” (TLN: sounds like don’t hold back or something)

俺とクロトに強化魔法を重ね掛けする。俺の魔力の高さなら暫くは効果が続くだろう。それが終われば準備万端だ。クロトを背後に控えさせ、大扉を開いていく。黒霊騎士は先程と全く同じ装いだ。漆黒の大剣を地面に突き刺し、後方にある王座を護る様に仁王立ち。揺らがないその様は、モンスターではなく本物の騎士のようだ。
I piled up reinforcement magic to me and Clotho. With my high level of magical power the effect might last a little bit longer. If it is over; completely. I let Clotho wait in the rear and open the large door. Black soul knight’s attire is exactly the same as earlier. A large sword of the jet black is thrust into ground, and in imposing stance as protecting the throne at the back(I didn’t get this part). The state not to shake is like the genuine knight not a monster.

黒霊騎士を見据えながら、王座へとゆっくりと歩いて行く。ちょうど部屋の半ばまで来た辺りで、渋い声が響いた。
I walk to throne slowly while staring on the black soul knight. In the area where I came to until the middle of the room, a quiet voice just sounded.

「何用だ」
“State your business” (TLN: more of “why are you here?”)

意外にもダンディーな声で少し驚いた。胆力のスキルがなければ顔に出ていたかもしれない。
I was surprised at an unexpectedly dandy voice a little. It might be reflected on a face without my skill of the courage.

「やっと喋ってくれたか。ここまで歩いてくるまで微動だにしないから心配したぞ」
“Did you finally talk? I was worried because you didn’t moved until I walked”
「いらぬ世話だ。城の最奥までやって来て迷子ということはあるまい、何用だ」
“Unnecessary care. A lost child came in the deepest part of the castle, state your business”
「お前を討伐に…… ってのが最初の目的だったんだが、気が変わったんだ。俺は召喚士のケルヴィン、お前と契約したい」
“For your subjugation… is what supposed to be my purpose but I changed my mind. I am summoner Kelvin, want to make contract with you.”

黒霊騎士が一瞬固まる。
The black soul knight hardens for an instant. (TLN: stiffen?)

「……貴様が我と契約、従わせるというのか」
“…you bastard want me to have contract with and follow you?”
「そうだ」
“It is so. ”
「ク……」
“Ku…”

あ、やべ。黒霊騎士が体を小刻みに震わせている。怒らせてしまったか？
Ah, yabe. The black soul knight shakes a body little by little. Have I angered him?

「ク、ククク……　ガァーハッハッハッハ！！」
“Ku, Kukuku……　 Gaa;-hahhahhahha.!”

突然、黒霊騎士はそれまでのイメージと一変して、これまで溜めん込んでいたものを全て吐き出すかのように笑い出した。当然、内心俺はポカンとしている。
Suddenly, The black soul knight changed completely with a previous image and burst into laughter as if I discharged all the crowded things not to save until now. Naturally I am dumbfounded in my mind.

「止めだ止めた、こんな堅苦しい話し方。それにしても小僧、これだけワシが殺気を向けていたというのに、平気な面をしよってからに！ 更には契約しろだと、面白すぎるぞ貴様！」
“Stop, stop it, such a formal speech. However boy/youngster, even though too much bloodlust was directed to you, you remained calm! You want to form a contract, you’re really interesting.”

ビシっと指を差すな指を。誇り高い騎士のイメージは最早吹き飛んでしまった。
In a finger snap. The proud knight’s image vanished.

How did this happen? Now I’m sitting in front of the Black Soul Knight, having a friendly conversation. Even though I’m saying friendly chat, the Black Soul Knight is the only one talking.

 

“ As a matter of fact my ego as a monster was born just recently. well what, I originally used to serve the country as a Chief knight , In short I used to be a human. why is that i became a monster ? well , I wonder why , I do not understand it as well but maybe because of the lingering regrets in this world! what kind of regret i do not know as well! Anyhow from that moment i was protecting this castle. Nevertheless , That slime is unusual , what kind of race is that from ? no no , If it’s a secret there is no need to force yourself to speak . Everyone has one or two secrets , By the way want to eat candy? ”

{TLN :- I wanna beat this author now =.=”}

 

In such mood conversation continued. Completely like a pleasant uncle in the neighbourhood. Oi, When is this candy from, it’s melting and swollen!

 

“ Please do not eat while saying so ”

“ Ehh… Are you really going to eat that? even i back down ”

“ yosh , I will leave some for you ”

{TLN :- These lines are hard to TL and distinguish T_T}

 

I am somewhat tired……The only serious one was kroto , While remaining vigilant of black soul knight , waiting across me

 

“ That slime is eating the candy like it is nothing. What a great fellow.”

 

“ Just as i was thinking that it was absorbing the candy from while ago. Kroto , you too?

 

“ Master, talk about contract, talk about contract ”

 

“ Ah, yes it was. So, Will you contract with me?”

 

I ask black soul knight over again, who was watching kroto sullenly.

 

“ Oh , yes such was the talk about. Recently there were numerous who would attack me immediately as the saw me . Boy you were the first one willing to comply for conversation . My tension will very well rise and conversation would also stray.”

{TLN:- it’s actually not stray it’s bouncing or springing but tell me if you prefer original rather than stray}

“ The only one straying is you….. ”

“ It’s not you. It’s Gerard ”

“ Even I’m not a boy but Kelvin. The naming…… No, which ever it maybe it’s a talk, after we make a contract ”

 

Gerard Unexpecdetly got up and turned towards the throne behind



 

“ Contract? The King whom I served, and the country too, are not anymore in this age. As for serving a new master, I am not reluctant but….. ”

 

“In the story, this castle was continuously being protected . Why?”

 

The Cheerful atmosphere some time ago in a beat transformed, The place felt like it became gloomy .

 

“ The name of the perished country that i served is [Arukaru] .Though it was not big, farming made the country prosperous. The king too disliked disputes, Even if there was a war in a distant place we would always try to through by being neutral .”

 

This world has two continents the east and the west, the town of Perth that we made as our base is located at the center of the continent in the east. The castle of the evil spirit is in it’s vicinity.

 

“ As for my position , I acted as the chief of the knight order of the countryside. Even if it was a peaceful country, monsters naturally appeared. Subduing them was naturally my primary duty. we were trained to be by no means inferior to other knight orders. By any chance, In a situation where war occurred we would always be prepared.”

 

Gerard tightly clenched the black sword.

 

“At a certain day. A traveler from the west continent visited [Arukaru]. However, his true identity was a general of the empire. The name was [Jirudora]. The man who dispersed disease of death in [Arukaru].”



“ Disease of death? ”

“ The details are unknown but , Once caught your life force will gradually be lost , A terrifying Arbitrary disease that led to death in single night . The disease spread in [Arukaru] like an epidemic, the country was isolated by other countries in a few days. After several days have passed since Jirudora visited [Arukaru] at one late night , there was a person that happened to see him in the town. Probably ,That was that time he did something. ”

 

“ Wait wait, with just that why are you certain that jirudora was the one that did it? In the first place , How did they knew ? He was the general of the empire.”

 

“On the day before the disease spread, Jirudora visited this castle. From where he entered is not known . The fellow showed up suddenly in front of the king. And said this . Cooperate to overthrow the Divine Empire [Deramisu] , otherwise [Arukaru] will not have any future…..too ”

 

“ Divine Empire [Deramisu]. If I’m not mistaken it is the country where Merufina reincarnated the Hero. ”

 

“ Naturally, the king refuses…… Following rest was what i spoke earlier ”

 

Though I could not see the face across armor but , The Anger that gerard was transmitting was unbearable to say .

 

“ This is about the regret that I left in this world , to say that I don’t know is a lie. My regret is to avenge this country , If  I can clear myself from these regrets, I will become your subordinate with pleasure. ”

 

Is that your condition of approving me ? No, Wait a minute….

 

“ Wait, Gerard had died decades ago, right? As we look the state of the castle it is at least 100 years old level. Then that fellow Jirudora of the empire should not he have died of old age already ? ”

“ The fellow is an elf. The life of the elf exceeds 500 years. That bastard is not someone who would just die in only 100 years. ”

“ Elf ? Though I have not met one yet, Then that is your condition right ?.”

“ I hear that the summoning art strengthens subordinates. It is an ideal opportunity for revenge. However, I want you to show your ability.”

“ Well , it finally comes down to that.”

 

At last it typically comes down to fight and showcase your abilities .Very well, I Originally came here with that intention.

 

“ If you cannot even win against me , By no means you can oppose the empire. Without any ability, you will only be cut down by me……!”

 

Me and Gerard both mutually step backwards .

 

“ Good, I accept . Give me your all, otherwise there is no meaning! ”
Black Summoner – Chapter 15[draft]
第１５話　烈火
15 – Raging Fire

後方に引き、すぐさまクロトに意思疎通で指示を出す。
I pull backward,  and immediately gave instructions to Clotho.

「騎士なら後ろに下がるより、前に出たほうが良かったじゃないか？」
「ふん、あの位置からの戦闘ではお主が不利であろう？」
「そりゃ、どうも！」
“Rather than to fall behind the knight, better to go in front is better?”
“Fun, will master be in disadvantage in that position?”
“That is, thank you!”

風刃ウィンドの散弾型魔法である烈風刃ショットウィンドを牽制として放つ。点ではなく、面での攻撃魔法、威力はともかく回避は難しい。
I used wind blade shot a wind-type magic as feint attack. No point, on surface is attack magic, evasion is difficult aside from the power.
(TLN: close but still wrong, need translation checker here)

分裂し、数十の風の刃となった烈風刃ショットウィンドがジェラールに迫るが、ジェラールは大剣を横薙ぎに払い、風を弾け飛ばす。軌道を反らされた風は天井・壁・地面と至る所を切り裂く。
It split, the violent wind blade shot wind that became the blade of dozens of wind approaches Gerard, Gerard swing the sword to brush it off, to pop off the wind. The winds that was bent cuts ceiling, wall, ground,  and everywhere.

クロトはその隙を付き、ジェラールの斜め後方から４本の鞭を叩きつける。ラジが手も足も出せず、更にはケルヴィンの風脚ソニックブーツによる敏捷ブーストまでも付いた攻撃だ。
Clotho took that gap, Gerard tilted backwards because of merely 4 whip-attacks thrown.

「ぬん！」
「なにっ！？」
“Comin!”
“What!?”

俺は驚愕する。ジェラールはその鋭敏な攻撃の２本を受けきり、残りを左手で掴み、右足で踏み潰したのだ。クロトの筋力ではジェラールに対抗できず、拘束されてしまう。
I was amazed. Gerard is caught those 2 sharp attacks, the remaining caught by his left hand, then crushed by his right foot. Clotho’s strength can’t oppose Gerard.

こいつ、後ろにも目があるのか！？
This guy, does he have eyes behind too!?

『ジェラールは心眼のスキルを所持します。瞬間的な状況判断に補正がかかっているとお考えください』
“Gerard possesses the skill of the mind’s eye. Please think that a momentary situation assessment is corrected.”

生半可な攻撃では無意味か。厄介だな。しかし、このままではクロトが危険だ。クロト、奴との間に絶崖城壁アースランパートを出すぞ！
So half-ass attacks are meaningless? This is troublesome/What a pain in the ass. However, Clotho is in danger. I created a cliff castle wall Earth Rampart between Clotho and this guy.

意思疎通した直後に、クロトの目の前に絶崖城壁アースランパートを出現させる。拘束されたクロトの鞭は壁に分断されてしまうが、クロト本体のコアが無事であれば問題ない。そして―――
Immediately after communicating, a cliff castle wall Earth Rampart appeared before Clotho. The restricting whip of Clotho was divided by the wall, it is fine if the core of the main body of Clotho is safe. And—

よし、やれ！
Good, do it!

ジェラールの左手と右足に残ったクロトの体が再び動き出し、纏わり付く。一瞬、赤い光がジェラール
を包み込み、爆発した。ラジを倒したことでレベルアップしたクロトが取得したスキル『分裂』。体の一部を切り離し、己の分身として操作することができるのだ。切り離したクロトの分身は、保管に貯蔵していた魔力の一部をエネルギーに爆発を引き起こす。要は自爆だ。
The  remaining body parts of Clotho in Gerard’s left hand and right foot starts to move again, and wrapped around. In an instant, a red light wraps Gerard, and exploded. The skill acquired after the extraordinary level up of Clotho by defeating Raji is [Division]. The small parts of the body that got separated, it is possible to operate it as an one’s double by yourself. The detached double of Clotho, has stored a small portion of magical power that caused the explosion. In short, self-destruction.
(TLN: took me lot of time to translate this…)

「……そのスライム、随分と多芸じゃな。掴んでいた際も随時ワシの魔力を吸い取っておった。そしてこの自爆、近づき難いのう」
“….that slime, surprising and versatile isn’t it? When I was also grabbed, my magical energy was sucked occasionally. And now this self-destruct, it is unapproachable.”
(TLN: then he’s still alive?)

ジェラールは悪態をつくが、その素顔の見えない表情はどこか嬉しそうに見える。漆黒の篭手はクロトの爆発の威力で少々歪になったが、まだ剣を振るには影響はない程度だ。
Though Gerard curses, that honest facial expression looks delighted. Though the jet black gauntlet was distorted a little from the power of Clotho’s explotion, it’s still a degree is not affected in shake the sword.
(TLN: my hardships(to translate that) is useless)

「どれ、面白いもんを見せてくれた礼だ。ワシも剣技を披露するとしよう」



“Which, interesting that requires to show a bow of gratitude. I also have to demonstrate my sword skills.”
(TLN: uh-oh!)
大剣を上段に構えたジェラールは俺に向って振り下ろす。
The large sword from overhead position of Gerard who took a stance was swing down towards me.

おいおい、あの身の丈程もある大剣の剣筋が見えなかったぞ……！
Oi oi, that body-length as well as large sword’s sword-talent can be seen….!
(TLN: sure this is wrong but maybe it is quite closer, need help!)

『全力で横にお跳びください！』
“Please jump sideways with all your power!”

これまでに無いほど焦ったメルフィーナの声を聞き、俺は即座に横に跳躍する。跳んだ直後、ズドンッ、と鋭い音が鳴り響いた。
The voice of Melfina that non-existent until now was heard in a hurry, I jumped sideways immediately. Soon after jumping, ZUDON(sfx), and a sharp sound reverberated.

「マジかよ……！」
“Are you SERIOUS?……!”

それまで俺が立っていた場所が真っ二つに斬られたのだ。ジェラールの奴、斬撃を飛ばしてきやがった！
The place I was standing before was cut in two. This Gerard guy, hurling attack!
(TLN: need help here too)

「―――！！！ 初見で空顎アギトを避けるとはな、楽しませてくれる！」
「不可視でこの速さか、悪い冗談だ」
“Avoiding Agito at point blank at first sight, I was delighted.”
“Is this invisibility is because of the speed?”

メルフィーナの咄嗟の助言で助かったが、あのまま動かなければ俺もあの地面と同じようになっていただろう。すまない、メルフィーナ。
Melfina’s sudden suggestion saved me, I would end up just like that ground if it didn’t worked. Sorry, Melfina.



ジェラールが次の手を打つ前に、地表亀裂クレフトカズムを唱える。床がジェラールの足元を中心に亀裂が走り、次の瞬間大地が裂け、崩れていく。流石のジェラールも、大地が変動すれば体勢を崩す。されど、その兜の隙間から覗かせる鋭い眼光はケルヴィンを捉えている。
Before Gerard takes his next step, the ground surface crack “kurefutokazumu”(TLN: WTF is this?) was chanted. The floor under Gerard’s feet have cracks run, in the next moment the ground should burst open, go collapse. Even Gerard also, the change in the ground destroyed his stance. However, that crack in the helmet showed a sharp gaze that caught Kelvin.

体勢を崩しながらも、ジェラールは見えない斬撃を再び放つ。ケルヴィンではなく、壁の奥にいるであろうクロトに向けて。
Though the stance was destroyed, Gerard looks like did do an slashing attack again. Rather than Kelvin, it is aiming at Clotho who is inside the wall.

チッ、あの不安定な足場でも御構い無しかよ。
Tch, that unstable foothold was disregarded too.

絶崖城壁アースランパートをもろともせず、斬撃は壁を通過し、奥の壁まで達した。
The cliff wall earth rampart became brittle, a slashing attack passed through the wall, the interior of the wall was reached.

「ぬっ、スライムの姿がないだと！？」
“Nuh, the figure of the slime can’t be seen here!?”

その言葉を発すると同時に、崩れた地表から突如剣が現れ、ジェラールの腹部目掛けて刺突が放たれる。その剣はカシェルの愛剣であったミスリルソードであった。スライムの軟体で裂けた地面を突き進んだクロトが保管から取り出し放ったのだ。
At the same time as the words were uttered, a sword appeared suddenly from the collapsed ground surface, Gerard’s abdomen was hit by a thrust. That sword was used to be Cashel’s beloved mythril sword. The charging Clotho burst out from the ground who took it out and hit.

「ぐ……」
“Guh…..”

心眼持ちのジェラールも、視覚外かつ予想外であるこの攻撃には対応できずに負傷してしまう。更に、クロトは体の密度を集中させ硬質化した３本の槍の腕を撃ち放つ。
Even Gerard possess the mind’s eye, cannot react to the unexpected attack that wounded him. Furthermore, Clotho’s body density was concentrated to harden on the 3 arms that were shot.

ジェラールはこれを剣で応戦、神速の如き剣速で全てを打ち払われ、攻撃した筈のクロトが逆にダメージを負ってしまう。
Gerard fought back with his sword, with great speed of his sword rapidly repel, the owed damage to Clotho were paid back.

本当に凄いな。
Really amazing.

ケルヴィンは率直にそう思う。裏をかき、奇襲し、隙を突く。そのどれもが対応されている。
Kelvin think frankly so. To outwit, it made a surprise attack,  then pierced the gap. It can deal with anything.

だが―――
However—-

「これで詰みだ！」
“This is checkmate!”

無理な体勢で迎撃を行ったジェラールは今、完全に無防備な状態。残りの魔力全てを込め、重風圧エアプレッシャーを発動させる。
Gerard who intercepted it by an impossible body pose is now, is completely defenseless. All the remaining magic power were gathered, the heavy wind pressure was invoked.

「―――！？」
“….!?” (TLN: this part took me a while to translate :v)

垂直に落とされる空気の重圧により、ジェラールの体には何十倍もの負荷がかけられ、思うように動くことができない。ましてや、腹にミスリルソードが刺さったままの状態だ。クロトの追撃をいなしただけでも賞賛に値するだろう。
The pressure of the air dropped vertically, the load on Gerard’s body was multiplied by dozens of times, it is not possible to move as expected. Much more, it is a situation that a mithril sword was stuck in his belly. Though he deserves praise from parrying/dodging Clotho’s pursuit.

クロト、保管に回した全魔力でぶっ放せ！
Clotho, fire all the magic power you have in your storage.

クロトは地面の中で体を変化させる。その形姿はさながら口を大きく開いたドラゴンのよう。そして、クロトの持つ最大の技を放出する。
Clotho’s body change in the ground. The figure is like the dragon which, as it were, greatly opened the mouth. Thus, the biggest skill that Clotho is holding was released.

―――超魔縮光束モータリティビーム。
—Super magic shrinking beam mortality beam.
(TLN: reeks of chuni. made me cringe while translating this)

開口部から放たれたそれは、ジェラールを貫き、古城を破壊し、空の彼方へと消えていった。
It is fired-off from the opening, goes through Gerard, the old castle was destroyed, disappeared beyond the void.
Chapter 111 The match will be the day after tomorrow
Kelvin’s House / Guest Room

“I’m really sorry. My body reacted because I was suddenly attacked.”

“Ah, don’t worry… Goldiana-san.”

“You can feel free to call me Prettya-chan.”

“Well, I’ll do my best.”

On the sofa in the guest room, I faced a woman (?) She called herself an S-class adventurer. For some reason, the curly blonde-haired girl, the muscular Prettya, was attacked by the golems guarding the mansion when she was heading towards the house. Then she splendidly retaliated under the guise of self-defense. No, it’s bad that my golems misidentified her but, I can’t scold the half-destroyed golems because I’m confident that they’ll be ready for war when it approaches.

“Prettya chan was worried about Sara so she also ran with us. For some reason, the gatekeeper golems reacted…”

“I’m glad that Rion stopped on the way. Efil and Mel were about to get serious.”

It was hard to stop Efil who tried to shoot the fire God’s bow from the balcony, and Melfina, who was trying to intercept her with her spear. If Rion hadn’t broken in, it would have been worse by now. The garden could have collapsed easily.

“I’m sorry…”

“Ara, what did I do?”

I look at Efil and Melfina standing behind me. Efil was good, but the smiling Melfina definitely did it on purpose.

“Hmm… Sara-chan, there are many rivals.”

“What are you talking about?”

“Eh, don’t worry about that! Even so, Kelvin is a little different from what I imagined from Rion’s description, but … I can’t do it at all!”

“What are you talking about!?”

Hey Gerard, don’t step back from there! I’m worried!

“By the way, Kel-ni, is Sara-ne all right?”

“Oh yeah, I couldn’t help but be bothered!”

Rion and Prettya leaned forward and asked. In contrast with the cute Rion, I wanted to keep a little distance from the approaching Prettya-chan’s dark face… I was grateful that you’re worried about Sara.

” Now Ellie, our maid, is taking care of her. Please rest assured that she can use simple white magic. Now she is resting and calm.”

“Oh, that’s right. It is good …”

“Yes, I was relieved!”

Two people of different heights leaned on the sofa. I was so worried.

“Oh yeah, Rion, Alex is about to evolve. Why don’t you see it because it’s curled up in the living room?”

“Really!? I’m going for a while!”

“Don’t run in the mansion.”



“Hey, I know.”

You were about to start running.

Rion jumped off the sofa, opened the door to the hallway, and headed towards Alex. Along the way, she would have had a telepathic conversation with Alex, but she would like to witness the evolution of his buddy in person. Let’s leave Alex to Rion.

“Goldiana-san, although it’s a bit late, thank you for your helping Sara and the others.”

“No, I am the one who wants to thank you! Thanks to Sara-chan, the threat of the new dungeon has been largely eliminated, and now the guild should be disseminating information to other adventurers. And Kelvin-chan, you don’t have to behave like a stranger. It’s not your relationship with me!”

When did we get along like that? It’s good to interact with S-class adventurers, but in some other way, it’s dangerous. Gerard doesn’t go one step further.

“Then, let’s be spoiled by your words. By the way, are you my opponent on the mock battle the day after tomorrow Prettya?”

“Oh, are you worried about it? Rion-chan asked me the same question. I wonder if you are siblings.”

Well, I am curious. I’ve only met an S-class adventurer like the Beast King in Gown. Above all, it was worth the fight.
“Yeah. I’ll teach you the forms of the mock battle. First, Kelvin’s opponent is Sylvia the “Ice Princess” who was promoted to S class last year. She’s a very beautiful girl with silver hair. Well, that’s unrelated to Kelvin chan…”

Prettya saw alternating between Efil and Melfina. I better won’t look at them too much.

“Is the Ice Princess a blue wizard?”

“I haven’t seen the actual fighting, either. Normally, the guild decided two names through the mock battle during promotion, Sylvia didn’t have that. Maybe, Guild chief Rio may know that. “



“No, it’s each other who doesn’t know the other person’s information, right? Then I’ll check it out at the game.”

“Oh, brave.”

Besides, I didn’t know what would be required later if I asked Rio. Let’s save Sylvia’s ability for the enjoyment of the battle.

“Great people from all over the world will come to the mock battle. If you come into their view, you may be scouted, but there are almost no adventurers who actually receive it. As a guild, it’s completely up to the adventurer’s intention. Mm”

“I don’t feel like serving a country either. I’m telling Rio that too.”

“In that case, the guild should handle it. Details of the invitation information will be sent from the guild later, so please check at that time.”

I am thankful that the invitation will be handed to the Adventurer’s Guild. It is troublesome to refuse one by one. However, in this situation where Trisen’s movement is becoming active, is it okay for such people to gather in Parse? Moreover, the information is well transmitted in such a short time.

“The rest is the format of the match. One of the great ones is the shrine maiden of Delamis, Colette, do you know her?”

“Oh, I know her.”

To the extent that the shrine maiden explored the dungeon with the summoned heroes.

“If so, the story is quick. Colette will set up a special barrier at the venue and the match will be held in it. Collette will apply her magic in both, Kelvin and Sylvia. Only once. However, it seems to be a magic that eliminates the damage that leads to death. Therefore, you can freely use the equipment that you normally used in battle. When that magic is activated, the game is over, and there will be applause.”

“Saying so it’s easy, but isn’t that really an amazing magic? I mean, the shrine maiden has a lot of work to do.”

“Actually, She’ll be exhausted for the recovery medicine on that day. I think there will be a reward for that.”

Elimination of deadly damage… It’s like Melfina’s blessing. Certainly, was this blessing also given to the shrine maiden of Delamis? Did she modify it as original magic?

[It’s a magic that is said to be a secret technique that has been passed down to successive generations of shrine maidens. It’s been used that way for the last 300 years, so it’s no longer a secret technique…]

Yeah. To use it in a game means that you can see it with an appraisal eye. I wonder if I will develop magic later based on that.

“The explanation is like this. Is there anything you don’t understand?”

“No, I understand most of the time. It was saved, Prettya.”

“Huh! Don’t turn that smile on me! You have an appointment with Sara-chan! And I have Uncle Gerard …!”

The muscles were writhing while hugging themselves. When I saw Gerard, he was retreating to the wall before I knew it.

[Gerard, you…]

[No, don’t get me wrong. This one still misses his wife.]

Were you married, Gerard?

“No, I can’t stand it anymore… I’m gonna let you have some free time. Oh, you don’t have to worry about staying. The guild arranged accommodations first. It should be. “

“Oh, that’s right. I’m sorry.”

Relieved from the bottom of my heart, I see Prettya off. By the way, the game is approaching the day after tomorrow. There is no early battle with S-class adventurers, but I want to practice as much as possible.

“Now, Sara is first.”

I spoke to Efil and went to Sara’s room.
Chapter 112: The Birth of a King
Kelvin’s house, Sara’s private room

“Yes……”

“Did you notice?”

Sara’s care continued casting white magic for several hours. The time was 2 o’clock in the middle of the night, and the city was already asleep.

“That …? Kelvin, why are you here? I’m not in the dungeon…?”

Sara still felt half asleep.

“I recalled you from the place where you fell in the dungeon and re-summoned you. You can thank Rion and the others later. Everyone was very worried.”

“I see. I suddenly felt sick, and my vision turned black … I don’t remember from there. I fell down.”

It seems she can’t remember.

“Oh, but rest assured that you have evolved perfectly.”

“It’s a relief if you said it… Well, what is that evolution?”

What is it? haven’t you awakened yet? No, from her words, she doesn’t seem to know that she was in the middle of an evolution. It can’t be helped.

“Sara collapsed due to evolution. So, the evolution has just completed. But it seems that your appearance has not changed at all. Check your status.”

“Eh……”

It seems that you haven’t fully understood it yet, but you can see it by looking at your status. I suppose I’ll also check it again with an appraisal eye.

Sara, 21-year-old woman, Demon Blood King, Curse Fist

Level: 108

Title: God-killing fist

HP: 2605/2605 (+100)

MP: 2746/2746 (+100)

Strength: 1317 (+100)

Endurance: 1179 (+100)

Agility: 1240 (+100)

Magical power: 1423 (+100)

Good luck: 1585 (+160) (+100)

Skill: Bloodstain (unique skill)

Blood manipulation (unique skill)

Martial arts (S class)

Black magic (class A)

Fly (B class)

Sign detection (class A)

Danger detection (A-class)

Magic detection (A-class)

Concealment detection (A-class)

Dance (B class)

Performance (class B)

Gorgeous luck (B class)

Auxiliary effect: Blessing of the Demon King

Summoning / magical power supply (S class)

=====================================

The status has risen across the board and is now comparable to Melfina. She also learned new unique skills. This “blood manipulation” by the name, is it a skill to manipulate blood? It seems that it can be applied in various ways by combining it with “Blood stain”, which has been activated only passively until now.

“This is my power …?”

“It’s definitely Sara’s power. I think you’ve accumulated skill points, so don’t forget to allocate them. And…”



I faced Sara, who raised her upper body, and stared at her eyes.

“I heard from Rion and the others that it was Sara’s idea to defeat an S-class monster for me. It was a mess.”

I wanted you to invite me if possible. Did it backfire that the training ground was banned from entering and exiting?

“Well, maybe because I was free, or because I was procuring food… Anyway, I didn’t do it for Kelvin!”

Is she a tsundere? She’s cute so I am fine.

“Still, thank you”

“Ah, ah…”

As I looked, Sara’s face turned red and began to pour steam out from her head.

“No more! I’m okay, so Kelvin, get out!”

“Yes, yes, then I’m going to leave.”
Sara flapped her arms like a spoiled child. I didn’t mean to tease her. Well, it would be hard if she threw things out. I was prepared to stay up all night, but if Sara says so, I will sleep too.

“I’m not in a good shape yet, so I’m going to sleep now. Then Sara, good night.”

“Hmm! … Good night”

She returned the ‘good night’ when I turned my face away. I wish she’’ be in a good mood in the morning.

“Waaaa, I feel drowsy at once… I’ll sleep quickly.”

I came back to my private room and collapsed on my bed where Melfina was sleeping. Ah, when I think about it, I was in nursing care from that hell training. That makes me tired. While thinking about it, my consciousness sank.

~~~~~~~~~

Kelvin’s House / Dining room

I had Efil wake me up as usual. Ton, ton, I heard a kitchen knife from the kitchen next door, while reading the latest request list issued by Angie at the dining room, and suddenly the door opened abruptly.

“I made you wait, everyone! I am completely – fully – restored – and – alive!”

“Oh, you get up early today.”



“Oh, only Kelvin and Efil?”

Normally, it was time for Sara to be still asleep. Not to mention Melfina, Rion was still sleeping. Efil was preparing breakfast in the kitchen, and Elie was watering the garden.

“Gerard went for a morning walk with Lucas. Everyone else is still sleeping or working.”

“Eh … I thought it was my new unveiling, so I got up early.”

“You look the same, though.”

“That’s not the case! The horns and wings have become a little cooler!”

I don’t know because I didn’t remove her hair clip. However, unlike yesterday, today is the usual Sara. She fixed her mood. It is good.

“Waa… Good morning …”

Rion came into the dining room, rubbing her sleepy eyes. The evolved Alex also followed Rion.

“Oh, Rion. You’re fast!”

“Sara Hey! You’re feeling better!”

After a brief stop, Rion, now conscious, jumps into Sara’s chest. I envy you, it’s a smiley sight.

“Thanks to you. Thank you for worrying about me, Rion. Alex too…”

Sara tried to see Alex. Should I put Alex’s status on her network? Sara, you should be able to see him with this.

=====================================
Alex 3-year-old male Abyssal Great Black Wolf

Level: 92
Title: Hero’s companion
HP: 1637/1637 (+100)
MP: 560/560 (+100)
Strength: 1154 (+320) (+100)
Endurance: 712 (+100)
Agility: 889 (+100)
Magical power: 556 (+100)
Good luck: 498 (+100)
Skill: Shadow movement (unique skill)
Crawling (unique skills)
Swordsmanship (S class)
Light (S class)
Sense of smell (class A)
Hide (A-class)
Concealment detection (class B)
Toughness (A-class)
Auxiliary effect: Summoning / Magic supply (S class)

=====================================

“Alex has grown too …”

“Gau”

Alex has evolved into an Abyssal Great Black Wolf (Frosvitnil). As with the status, the size of its body is very different. When sitting, its head is close to the ceiling. It’s a level of looking up in respect. It’s barely possible to go through the door of the mansion. Like this, the size of the equipment may not fit unless I make a weapon like Gerard’s sword.

“Yeah! And he got really strong. I couldn’t stand it last night and had a special training at the training ground.”

Rion’s story about Alex continued. Sara had a delicate expression, “That? You were worried, right?”

“Sara, you evolved safely, right? It feels like your atmosphere has become dignified.”

“Indeed!? After all, Rion is different. Kelvin said that my appearance did not change. It’s really rude! Well, actually, this horn part…”

Still, Rion turning around the situation was frightening. Maybe Sara is just simple.

“Oh, that’s right. Kelvin!”

“Hmm?”

“Yesterday, that … you took care of me! I’m grateful!”

Turning away she threw words of gratitude.

” I’d be happier if you could make eye contact and tell me.”

“I can’t do it now!”

It was refreshingly declared.
Chapter 113: The Power of Reincarnation
Kelvin’s House / Living Room

The day before the mock battle, after finishing the last training, I couldn’t even walk anymore. It was a hassle to sweat in the bath, so I asked Efil to wipe my body lightly and collapsed like last night. I didn’t feel like returning to my room, so the place was the sofa in the living room.

“I wonder if you can think of a better way. I’m afraid I’ll die if this continues every day?”

“This is the most efficient way. If anyone is at risk of losing his life, he will grow beyond their limits.”

“Are you really an angel?”

Today’s training was harder than yesterday. I avoided Melfina’s onslaught while casting Death wind Sickle, and accurately counteracting Melfina’s magic that was unleashed with the scythe. If I didn’t pay attention to my feet, the restraint of ice cast by blue magic will creep up, and Efil’s arrow fired from a distance. What’s more, a serious arrow, the ‘Pyro hydra’ of eight heads would be released without any adjustment, I didn’t think I was able to put it out. However, when I cared only about Efil, Melfina set up a hand. Parallel thinking was also busy.

[If you shoot, shoot seriously. A slight injury can be cured with Mel’s or my magic.]

I want to hit myself half a day ago when I said such a stupid thing. Thanks to that, my whole body is full of burns and frostbite. This is what it means to earn my own money! Well, I cured myself!

“So, I think we use carrots and sticks properly in this way. Hmm… Yes, next is the left ear.”

“I’m convinced, I shouldn’t…”

If the training of hell is a whip, this situation now is probably candy. I’m now having my ears picked on Melfina’s lap. Her ear-picking technic is not as good as Efil’s, but it is strangely vexing that I calmed down.

“Have you been healed a little?”

“Well, yeah.”

“Excellent.”

Maybe I’m afraid I’ll forgive this.

“Even so, I was surprised by Sara.”

“Hmm? Oh, it’s about the evolution. I didn’t think it would be that strong.”

“No, it’s about the monster she defeated in the dungeon.”

Monster? Is the white wolf that was served at lunch today? Certainly, when it was taken out of Clotho’s storage, I was surprised at that big size. And it was delicious, so much that my cheeks fell.

“That was one of the pillars that my predecessor, God, created all over the world, but I never thought she would defeat it…”

“Isn’t it bad that if you defeat that type of guy?”

The direction is different from what I thought.

“Did it taste good? I enjoyed it.”

“Is the character different, or is it a problem to eat?”

“It’s okay. It seems that my predecessor was dismissed because he wasn’t good at the god pillar, and the god pillar itself has almost lost its function on my time. So, it would be more beneficial to feed your experience. This time, Sara probably touched the god pillars. The role of the god pillars on the surface is to exterminate demons and demon kings in an emergency. “

“That’s why the pillar reacted. So, what did your predecessor try to do? Did he try to destroy the world?”

“Well, why? Hmm … Yes, I finish it.”

She evaded the question. I raised my head from Melfina’s lap and sit back on the couch.

“Does it have something to do with your last story? You see, you said that.”

It was a conversation before starting training with Melfina yesterday. At that time, it was a rare but serious atmosphere.



[The man you fought the other day, Clive, did he really call himself a reincarnator?]

“I told you that Clive did say that at that time. You were surprised the moment you heard my words.”

“That kind of thing is—“

“I have been with you for months. I rarely see Mel’s surprised expression, so I knew right away.”

“You’re really sensitive to this, even though you’re missing something.”

Melfina laughed bitterly.

“I didn’t want to tell you about the circumstances of the gods as much as possible.”

“I want to hear if possible.”

You can’t sleep like this.

“Oh, it can’t be helped. I explained the difference between summoning a different world person and summoning a reincarnated person before.”

“Oh, I heard it before reincarnating and summoning Rion. What happened?”

“In addition to the regular summoning using divine protection like Collet, there are rare cases where a other-worlder gets lost in this world. If you compare it to your world style, you can express it as spirited away. Is it okay? There are various causes, such as accidents or coincidence. Most of the foreigners living in this world are lost due to the latter. “

Certainly, the number of shrine maidens that can summon is too small for the recognition of different worlds. Will Tsubaki-sama’s ancestors of Trage be like that?

“But there are no exceptions to the reincarnation summoning, which are always done through the reincarnation god, because in fact I was working through my subordinates during Rion’s summoning.”

“Isn’t Mel involved in the reincarnation of Clive?”



“No, I am not.”

“Then, the predecessor who was released from that role used his power.”

“My predecessor has lost power, and above all, he has already disappeared. In addition, I am the only one who can handle the power of reincarnation. It is a strong factor that I was often away with you. So, there is a limit to what my subordinates can do. “

You were working hard. It’s hard to imagine from your lazy normal life Melfina sensei.

“Did you think of something rude?”

“You can’t think in such a serious mood.”

I can get away with this. Don’t get tired and get nervous at midnight. I have to keep only the facial expression with my courage skill. However, there are many mysteries about Clive. At that time, I would have investigated if I didn’t make a mistake …

“It’s very unlikely that a reincarnated person from my predecessor’s era is alive. It’s unlikely, but if he’s got the power of reincarnation from other than me… There may be someone. “

“I see. The real reason Mel came to me was to figure it out.”

“No, I came completely on my own. I enjoy it normally.”

Melfina waved, “No.” This guy denies it with a straight face. Isn’t that quite important!?

“Well, this is another possibility. It would be useless to say that you shouldn’t worry too much.”

“Oh, for the time being, the Rizea Empire, Trisen and Gerard’s death are suspicious. The Rizea Empire on the eastern continent seems to have little information. You may need to go to Delamis, which seems to have the most information. If so, shouldn’t you approach the shrine maiden, this Collet? No, on the other hand, there is also the possibility that Delamis is suspicious…”

Yeah, I think too much. There is not enough sugar in the brain.

“I’m already planning a strategy, and I think it’s better to accompany you, personally.”

“That’s right. It’s faster for Melfina to ask Colette. Why don’t you ask tomorrow?”

“I forgot to say, but tomorrow I will be within your magical power.”

“Oh, yeah. It’s awkward to have Mel, the reincarnation god, in a place where are people involved in Delamis.”

If you are a shrine maiden who reports directly to Melfina, you may be able to find out just by looking at her.

“There is that too … but she’s a little sick.”

“…?”

What does she mean? When I was wondering, the living room’s door opened vigorously. Hey everyone, let’s open the door quietly. It will break someday.

“Kelvin! I’m coming to drink as a pre-celebration for tomorrow!”

“My Liege! Let us have a drink tonight!”

“Wow!”

“I’m sorry I’m in Kel-nii, I couldn’t stop it …”

A tipsy Gerard with Luca on his shoulders, and a tension max Sara with Rion clinging to her hips as if dragged by, got into the room. And modestly behind were Efil and Clotho.

“Oh, we have to do it moderately, right?”

“I’m so sleepy right now…” [TN I guess it’s Kelvin saying these two sentences.]

I knew it would be useless if I say something, so I put forth the little strength I had and cast ‘Refreshing Breeze in myself.

Chapter 114: Sudden Encounter
On the way to the Spirit’s song

“Well then, come on.”

We left the mansion to Elie. I was forcibly taken by Sara and others and headed to the bar of Spirit’s song. That said, the tiredness of training cannot be healed so easily, and I walked again with the black wand as support. As an S-class adventurer, this didn’t look good, so I asked Efil to lend me a shoulder when I left the mansion’s garden. In this case, I would love that it looked like I was injured in honor by a fierce battle with my life on the edge, well maybe.

“Sara, I’m pretty enthusiastic, but you shouldn’t be good at drinking…”

“I don’t drink, do I? But I love the festive atmosphere!”

The translation of it is that she is overwhelmed by that atmosphere and gets drunk every time. And I’m dying because I’m in a crisis.

“I am sorry Kel-nii, tomorrow is an important day. I couldn’t stop Sara with my current strength …”

“Oh, I heard that it is just a dinner party… If it’s a feast, it’s no good today.”

Efil, Rion. You guys are my last conscience. To be honest, if I drink alcohol in this state, I will collapse on the spot.

“What are you talking about? Both of you! It’s an important day, so don’t go to morale like this!”

“Um! I couldn’t drink a single drop today. Let’s enjoy the eagle to the fullest!”

“Um! I also enjoy it…”
Gerard, you already drank a few cups. Lucca on his shoulder seems to have fun imitating Gerard’s mouth, but she is a little suspicious. It’s like she is drunk…

“Hey Gerard. You didn’t let Lucca drink, right?”

“I won’t let my precious Lucca drink. It seems that she ate a pound cake with alcohol made by Efil, and she’s been like this ever since.”

“I’m sorry. It’s my mistake. It seems that she ate a sample placed on the kitchen table… Nobody would be left to take care of her, so I decided to take her with Mr. Gerard.”

“Oh, that kind of thing… Alcohol in a cake wouldn’t be a big deal, but you have to take care of her.”

“I know. I’ll pull up with it even if he is napping.”

Well, if Lucca is the first Gerard, is that safe? I’ll be quiet while watching Sara next to Efil. Because of that, this would be a trial.

“You, is it true that there is a legendary dish “curry” at the Spirit’s Song!?”

This would be a trial…

~~~~~~~~~

Spirit’s Song / Tavern

“Claire! I’m here!”

An inn that is as familiar as Kelvin’s mansion, the Song’s spirit. It’s like home to us, and Sara treats Claire as if she had come to see her mother. Like me, everyone else seems to visit frequently.

“Oops, I’ve been waiting! What’s wrong with Kelvin-chan!?”

“No, just on an adventure at home.”

I was crossing the most dangerous bridge here. Even so, this dashing Claire’s voice doesn’t really change here.

“Yes, Claire! I caught them on my own!”

Sara took out fresh fish and shellfish from the bag she carried by. I was wondering what was in it since we left the mansion, but was it a souvenir for Claire?

“Well, this is lively again. Sorry to trouble you, Sara.”

“It’s okay. I’m fishing too much, and I can handle it… Besides Claire has taken care of me!”



I just glanced at Melfina. Although she doesn’t care.

“Then, I should put my arm on it too! Efil-chan, please help me.”

“Yes, master, let’s go.”

“Oh, please come back as soon as possible…”

I see Claire and Efil disappear into the kitchen. Oh, my few consciences… [TN I really couldn’t guess what he wanted to say with this: 俺の数少ない良心が]

“I see, they’ll make seafood curry.”

I think differently.

“Hey Kelvin, your seat is here!”

“Ah, Mr. Urd”

The person beckoning was Mr. Urd. I rarely meet him at the Spirit Song, but today we drink at the bar. And it’s like he knew I was coming. Looking around there were quite a few familiar adventurers.

“I am here for you Kelvin, take a seat. Have a drink?”

“Hey, you’re so impatient.”

Rion guided me while grabbing and supporting my arm. Perhaps, because she was caring for me that she was even acting so as not to be unnatural. Onii-chan, I’m going to cry.

A large table seat was designated by Mr. Urd. This will allow all my friends to sit down. I sat in a chair while muttering “heave ho” in my heart. Does it smell like an old man? That’s how bad my legs are. If possible, I would like to lie face down at the table as it is, but I will put up with it no matter how much.

“I heard from Gerard and Sara. You’re having a big pre-celebration today? Our regulars gathered to celebrate with you. We were waiting for you to arrive. We couldn’t start without the protagonist!”

“It seems to be so. I just heard it.”



“Um. It’s a surprise. It was planned by this one and Sara!”

“I did my best!”

I’m happy. I’m very happy, but why on this day when I’m exhausted! Gerard and Sara don’t know what the training is, so it’s a shame in a sense, but … let’s take it honestly.
“Now, let’s get started! Claire, we’re ready for sake!”

“You do it yourself! I’m busy preparing food!”

“Oh, yes.”

Urd walked to the kitchen as soon as Claire’s voice said so. It’s completely dominated. Other adventurers who saw it helped prepare, Urd’s desire could be seen.

“I’ll also help…”

“Kelvin, please sit down! We’ll be rushing in!”

“Oh yeah, if you let the protagonist help, there’s no way we can stand.”

I was stopped by a junior adventurer. As a result, I was saved because I couldn’t gather the force to stand up. I must thank him later. Thinking about that, Efil brought a cup in place of the two adventurers.

“Master, alcohol will be bad tomorrow, so take this…”

“Is this grape juice? Efil, I am saved.”

“It’s a special feast, but if you get a hangover tomorrow, you won’t have any chance.”

“Hey Efil, I like juice too. Is it over there?”

“Oh, I want juice too!”

If you think about it, our women can hardly drink alcohol. Melfina seems to change each time according to the dish.

“What would you like Mel?”

“Well, shall I get the same thing?”

And with the cooperation of everyone, the preparations for the banquet proceeded smoothly. Gerard took the toast. Lucca dressed as a maid stormed in and the party started in a chaotic state, but it soon settled down and became the usual drinking party. An acquaintance adventurer from Mr. Urd’s party came to pour sake, but I told him about tomorrow’s game and refused implicitly. Fortunately, everyone seemed to understand it well, and he forgave me for toasting with juice instead of sake.

Sara is also on the lookout with me and Rion, so she doesn’t drink at all. Occasionally, she enjoys drinking juice. It seems unlikely that Sara will attack me today.

“Please tell us the story of the fierce battle in the Elven Forest later. It’s a promise, Mr. Kelvin!”

“If so, this one is going to talk as witness…”

“Don’t do it”

The black story was stopped, and Lucca seemed to be sleeping. When The party has halfway through and I tried to instruct Gerard to take Lucca to the mansion, a group of adventurers came into the tavern.

“Ah? Is full here too?”

The voice was made by a beast-man. It has dog-like animal ears on its head. He has a sharp eye and receives a terribly warlike image.

“Nagua, the day before the promotion ceremony is like this everywhere. It is our responsibility to arrive at this time. I’m grateful that the guild is preparing an inn.”

That was an elf woman. She gave an intellectual vibe in contrast to the beast-man. However, it’s rare to see an elf in Parse.

“I’m hungry …”

“Sylvia, you have to be patient.”

“Even I you said that my stomach is at the limit…”

A girl and a dwarf man came in from behind. Hmm, Sylvia?
Black Summoner – Chapter 1[by Shasu]
Chapter 1 – Summoner
 

Upon waking up I was surrounded by greenery as far as I could see. I was stranded in some forest totally unbeknownst to me.
The trees were rustling pleasantly in the wind, but that didn’t comfort my increasing inner distress at all.
No matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t remember why I was sleeping in this place. I couldn’t even recall my own name. Was this the so-called amnesia? It would appear I didn’t forget my general knowledge and education at the very least. Personally I couldn’t recall it at all, but the knowledge of me being born and raised in Japan on Earth was preserved.
My mind was shrouded by a haze. It was a really odd sensation. Being puzzled by the situation I slowly stood up when I suddenly noticed something flashing in front of me. There wasn’t anything there a short while ago though… .

“Wh-What … this is …” (-)

A button was shining on a semi-transparent screen. Upon inspecting it closely, I was able to see a letter written on the button. It somehow resembled the menu screen of a game.

“Welcome to the alternate world!” <Menu> (T/N: “Isekai he youkoso!” I prefer the romanji version xD )

For an instant my thinking froze completely. The alternate world? Is this alternate world the place I am at right now?
While I was pondering this the button continued to blink. Although I was considering this to be a bad joke I pushed the button.

“Congratulations! You won the right to transfer to a different world as result of a impartial lottery!
Although the memory of the time before the transfer was erased, please do not worry as you granted us permission before the transfer. Due to your retained knowledge you should understand that point must be strictly adhered to!” <Menu>

“What did I do before transferring!?” (-)

“This is a fantasy world where you will encounter fierce sword competitions and exciting magic battles.
Now, you have to learn about the skills you chose before the transfer. Please look at the Status screen for a detailed explanation.” <Menu>

In the next moment the screen changed and displayed a standard array. Ah, as I expected, this was a screen often seen in games.

Kelvin – 23 years old – Human – Summoner

Level: 1
Title: None

HP: 10/10
MP: 20/20

Strength: 1
Endurance: 1
Agility: 3
Magical Attack: 5
Luck: 4

Skill: Summoning <Grade S> Open Slots: 9

Green Magic <Grade F>
Eye of Appraisal <Grade S>
Growth rate x2
Skill points x2
Experience sharing
Skill points: 0

The distrust from a while ago vanished as I was staring intently on the screen. It would appear I have quite the fondness for games. After all I was currently trembling excitedly in anticipation.



I felt sorry for speaking badly of the transfer before.

From the explanation provided by the menu screen I had spent skill points before the transfer to acquire several skills. As far as I could see, quite a lot of skill points were used.
Up to grade S and the Summoner class it is. I only know of one famous game with such a setting … as expected, huh?

“Well, for the moment, let’s check out the details of the skills.” (Kelvin)

Summoning <Grade S>

By making a contract with the target you can add it as a follower.
Added followers receive their magical power through the summoner, their status increases and communication with the summoner is possible.
Summoning the follower within the magical power range of the summoner is enabled.
By raising the skill rank the number of possible followers increases, the status up of the followers increases and an upgraded contract becomes available.

Green magic <Grade F>

Magic to manipulate the power of earth and wind.
Offensive – Support – Recovery can be handled by this well balanced magic.
By raising the skill rank the available magic spells increase.

Eye of Appraisal <Grade S>

Status of target is viewable.
By raising skill rank the amount of information increases.

Growth rate x2



Upon leveling the stats gained are doubled.

Skill points x2

Upon leveling the skill points gained are doubled.

Experience sharing

Experience is shared by all party members.
This skill also applies to the summoner’s followers.

“Oh, now that’s a decent support character. The benefit of leveling is great, too.” (Kelvin)

The Summoning skill required a contract though.
I wondered, should I talk to them as soon as I defeated them? Magical power supply … what’s that?

“After the targets agrees, it will be possible to form a contract with it. Upon conclusion of the contract, the target will change into a magic body and be assimilated by your magic. To successfully summon the target a suitable amount of MP is required and the maximal MP value is lowered. This MP represents the magical power supply. If you cancel the summon the maximal MP value returns to its former value, but please be advised that the MP used for the summoning is not returned.” <Menu>

Thank you for the explanation. To think I would be instructed this precisely after asking. This menu is quite handy.

In short, consecutive summons are not possible due to the MP not recovering fast enough, huh?
Furthermore due to the decrease in the maximal MP, the possibility to use other magic will be narrowed down, too. MP management will be crucial, I guess.

“You are quick on the uptake. Should we go to a nearby town for starters then? There is an adventurer’s guild over there. It would be a good idea to register.” <Menu>

… Quite the common talking for a while now. Menu, will you accompany me?

“Fufu … that would be the least I can do as you have no memory. Please have a look at this.” <Menu>

As Menu replied, it displayed a screen.

Kelvins follower – Slot: 9

Merufina – 1276 years old – Angel – Transferred God

Level: <Impossible to determine>
Title: From God to me

HP: <Impossible to determine>
MP: <Impossible to determine>

Strength: <Impossible to determine>
Endurance: <Impossible to determine>
Agility: <Impossible to determine>
Magical Attack: <Impossible to determine>
Luck: <Impossible to determine>

Skill points: <Impossible to determine>

“This is a first for me as god. To become someone’s follower. Please take responsibility.
Also, this is the communication between a summoner and their follower.” (Merufina)

“Eeehhhhhhhh … what in the hell did I do before transferring here!!??” (Kelvin)

~ And thus the story of my alternate world transfer began ~

CHAPTER 2 – THE TOWN PAZU
A note regarding the future format of text editing:

Explanatory text will be kept in past tense. Thoughts and talk within the mind will be italic and present tense (unless specified otherwise) Regular speech will be case by case regarding tenses.
Sorry, but the correct tenses are not easy to decipher from MTL and Romaji, thus I will set it like this for now.

The author of the series dishes out 1-2 chapters per day currently. If they keep being so short, I might consider an increase of chapters per week. But that will depend on how well the translation of the other 2 will go and how this one develops story wise (alternative would be another series) .

Menu-san, no rather because of her sudden confession, it is Merufina?

After I recovered from the shock, we headed towards the nearby town. While on the move I was told the rough sequence of events happening before the transfer.

It would appear I died in an accident before coming to this world. This accident was caused by a blunder of god (no, not Merufina).

This god requested a special treatment for me from Merufina whose responsibility was governing over reincarnation.

Such cases happened in the past before too, according to Merufina.

After all God makes mistakes, too.

“Surprisingly there also are many irresponsible Gods. I am diligent though, ok?” (Merufina)

Originally Merufina was an angel serving god, she remarked in my mind.

As a reward for meritorious service for many years, she was promoted to guarding deity ruling over reincarnation in the (T/N: heavenly) division of this world.

In comparison to other gods, she was a young god who just started out.

Oh well, that is, if you believe Merufina’s words on the matter.

As I uttered my complaints while interacting with Merufina, she also mentioned her innermost thoughts.

“Right after choosing the skill you approached me about signing a contract with you desu~.

You fell in love with me and begged me to accompany you! For nearly an hour you coaxed me into doing that for you.

As I was handling that administrative position for several hundreds of years, I felt a little bored and thus I accepted that plea of yours.” (Merufina)

… Though I couldn’t recall it at all, it would seem I fell in love with Merufina at first sight.

At the moment I was only able to hear Merufina’s voice but I guessed she was suitable being a goddess previously.

“Occasionally it is necessary for a goddess to get some rest desu~.

In other words, paid holiday desu~.

Since I pushed the work onto my follower, it is alright.

For several centuries now I have had no break. If I don’t recharge soon, I will break.” (Merufina)



Follower, eh? … You were treating my transfer as a chance to go on a vacation ?!

In that case return my memories already, will you?

“Didn’t you decide to erase your memories before you were transferred? The increased skill points serve as sufficient compensation for your lost memories.

You were informed about this.” (Merufina)

What should I say to the person I fell in love with?

The memory of falling in love is gone after all.

“Even if you lost your memories, you can just fall in love with me again! What sweet words you used before.

Because it was so straight forward, my heart went kyun~ and even though it was a mistake I permitted it.

Favorability level +1, desu~.

Congratulations!” (Merufina)

Uoo~ … Please stop it already at this point.

Even if don’t remember, I feel like I don’t want to know about my black past … Still what a blunder, for Merufina to suit my taste in women so much, huh?

With this much said, I want to actually see Merufina now.



“Since we are already contracted with each other … can I summon you now?” (Kelvin)

“It currently is impossible. The MP required for materialization is severely lacking.” (Merufina) (T/N: Tough luck there is no red star in the sky, huh? ^^)

That surely took the wind out of my sails.

Current objective: Raise the level far enough to summon Merufina!

“I am looking forward to your growth and new confession of love” (Merufina)

“There will be no confessions.” (Kelvin)

While chatting the town cam into view.

“This town is our destination, Pazu, desu~.” (Merufina)

It seemed to be a reasonably large town. It was surrounded by a stone wall with the houses being within the wall.

The town scape, which differed quite a lot from modern Japan, made my heart flutter.

By the way, my current appearance is the same as common travelers in this world.

Thus I don’t think I will stand out specifically.

There were gateways into the town on both sides, east and west.

Approaching the gatekeepers I was about to get in contact with the first human beings from this world.

Oh, a gatekeeper seems to have noticed me.

“Yaa~ .. Are you an adventurer? Sorry, but could you show me your guild card or identification papers?” (Gatekeeper)

“Well, I come from a small village in the hicks. I have no identification papers.” (Kelvin)

As Merufina had briefed me earlier I dealt with him in such way.

There were a lot of people in this world, who didn’t possess identification papers.

Hence those papers were issued at the gate of big towns like this.

Though it cost a bit money, there was no problem as Merufina held onto some before transferring.

Even though she gave up her job, this was a task even a child could do.

“As I said before, I’m a diligent person desu~.” (Merufina)

After finishing the business with the identification papers, I headed to the next destination; the adventurer’s guild.

~ At first I was doubtful, but now I am brimming with the motivation to fully enjoy this fantasy world. ~

 I arrived at the adventurer’s guild. The building housing was quite imposing.

Well then, I guess I should have a look inside!

『What’s this strange tension?』 (Merufina)

“I can’t explain it properly, but my excitement has increased.” (Kelvin)

When I entered, the first thing I saw was the reception counter.

The Misses (musume-tachi) who worked as guild receptionists were dealing with adventurers. However there was no cute young woman among them.

To the side of the counter there was a bar. And despite it being daytime there already was a person drinking sake.

It was a typical guild right out of a RPG. It was just as I imagined and that made me happy. I thought it would only be muscular middle-aged man (ossan-tachi) but there were quite a few young woman and man, too.

I lined up at the queue for the counter and waited a little while. My turn came around.

“Hello! What sort of business do you have?” (Receptionist)

It was a sweet girl with light brown braided hair who greeted me in an energetic voice. Energetic girls sure are nice~.

“I want to register as an adventurer.” (Kelvin)

“Registration it is, I understand. Then, please fill out this form here. Do you need someone else to write it for you?” (Receptionist)

“No, it’s alright.” (Kelvin)

Language comprehension, that’s what enabled me to write and read the words here and was acquired when I was transferred to this world.

It was thanks to Merufina-sama-sama.1

Only name and occupation are required to be filled out, huh?

It was fairly simple.

Name is Kelvin and occupation is Green Magician … duh

“Kelvin it is. Please wait a moment.” (Receptionist)

There is a reason why I set the occupation as Green Magician.

Summoner was a class of an extremely rare degree in this world.

There was an occupation with a similar ability though, Beastmaster.

This one didn’t use summoning magic but used a method of taming monsters and training them into pets. There is no MP used and it’s possible to have the trained monster serve you at all times. By increasing the skill rank you could tame more pets, it seems. In other words, the same as a summoner.

The merit of a summoner is to not being limited to only monsters as you can likewise possess humans, elves and golems who are valid as an inorganic creature, too. Furthermore, there was status up, communication with your followers and the possibility to summon them wherever you like as long as it is in range of your magic. As compensation for using part of your MP, the reward was large.

Becoming such a summoner was restricted to very few people. Most likely one person per nation. As soon as they are discovered they are targeted by the higher-ups of a nation.

To me, who wanted to freely enjoy this fantasy world, such a thing would be an obstacle. Thus I wanted to conceal my summoner class as much as possible.

“I’m sorry to have you kept waiting. This will serve as proof of guild membership.” (Receptionist)

She handed me the guild certification.

It was a blue card with wings drawn on it. There was an “F” written atop of it.

“Let me explain the simple guild system next.” (Receptionist)



Going by her explanation, adventurers are split into seven ranks.

She showed a board.

———————————————–

Rank F (Beginner) <— Kelvin

Rank E (Novice)

Rank D (Amateur)

Rank C (Advanced)

Rank B (Expert)

Rank A (Monster) <— Shasu

Rank S (Godlike) 2

———————————————–

My name is written down in lovely characters next to my rank.

Un, that’s easy to understand.

“As Kelvin-san has just registered, you start as an F-Rank. You can accept a request at any area that has a guild. Requests are split by ranks and posted on a bulletin board for all adventurers to see.” (Receptionist)

“In other words, I can only accept F-Rank requests right now?” (Kelvin)



“It is possible to accept requests that are one rank above your own. However, please be warned that you have to pay the penalty for contract breach in case you fail a request.” (Receptionist)

Uh huh, that means I can’t recklessly challenge higher ranking requests.

“If you succeed in completing requests 10 times your adventurer rank will rise. Even if you complete higher ranking requests, the number required for a rank up remains the same. However, please be careful as from C-Rank onward there will be examinations for raising your rank.” (Receptionist)

“Roger that.” (Kelvin)

“There are 4 kinds of requests: Subjugation, Escort, Harvest and Special. For subjugation requests, please don’t forget to bring a part of the targets body as proof that you defeated it.” (Receptionist)

Mu~, sounds like proof is necessary.

With this excessive hunting is improbable as I won’t be able to hold all the proofs.

“Is there a reasonable request for a beginner?” (Kelvin)

“Well, let’s see. I recommend these.” (Receptionist)

Subjugation of 3 x blue slimes.

Harvesting of 5 x medical herbs.

Search for pet cat (Special request)

Those were the basic run-downs of the requests.

That means special requests didn’t belong to any other request type, huh?

『Master,3 how about accepting the request to subjugate 3 blue slimes? In the first place, those are ideal monsters for your summoning magic.』 (Merufina)

Un, so we were thinking the same, huh?

I want to try out the summoning magic soon, too.

Of course, somewhere where it doesn’t attract public notice.

“I would like to accept the subjugation request of the blue slimes.” (Kelvin)

“I understand. Here you go.” (Receptionist)

After receiving the request formally, I left the adventurer’s guild.

A little while later I heard that she (the receptionist) is called Angie. I will be often taken care of by her from now on.

Now then, next would be preparing my equipment. As I have no extra money to spare currently, it will be limited to weapons and recovery items.

『A wood rod it is. Although it has no physical attack power, there is a weak magic attack boost dwelling within. It will likely help you with your magic.』 (Merufina)

Most of my money was spent on this.

For the sake of today’s inn charges, off I go!

Translation Notes:

1 Yea, twice to increase the gratitude I guess.

2 Translation would be inhuman, but with such a fantasy world … more like not measurable by any scale. But that is hard to put in one word, so it had to be of course… ;)

3 She calls him “anata-sama.” You could also translate it as “darling” but since she uses keigo and gives off a meek flair, I opted for master.
Now then, after leaving the town I arrived at a plain before long.

Walking on the road next to the forest with its boisterous sounds of nature, I was lucky to not encounter any monsters on the way. The distance wasn’t far either.

“I was told they should appear around here …” (Kelvin)

Surveying the area there were no blue slimes in the vicinity.

After walking for a little while searching for them, I finally saw something resembling a blue shape in front.

『It’s a blue slime. Master, please use [Eyes of Identification] to examine it.』(Merufina)

Just as I was told by Merufina, I invoked [Eyes of Identification].

Before I could understand how it was supposed to work, I already was under the influence of the invocation.

It feels almost like moving one’s body, huh?

Owning the skill seems to make the invocation fairly simple.

Blue Slime – 0 years old – No race – Blue Slime

Level: 1

Title: None

HP: 5/5

MP: 0/0

STR: 1

STA: 1

AGI: 2

MATK: 1

LUK: 2

Skill: Stun resistance

Skill points: 0

This is [Eyes of Identification]?

It’s able to read the entire status of the target.

『[Eyes of Identification] doesn’t only work on living things. It also works on unidentified objects. Your [Eyes of Identification] is grade S. As long as the target is less than 100 levels above you, it is possible to identify it.』 (Merufina)

It should work on the majority of targets then, huh? … Wait, I was able to see Merufinas status although it shouldn’t be possible to display it.

In other words, does the level of Merufina surpasses mine by over 100?

『Tentatively speaking, I am a goddess after all.』 (Merufina)

For the sake of summoning you, just how much MP will be consumed … nevermind, the story strayed off.

First the blue slime in front.

I slowly approached the blue slime.

First of all, to succeed in forming a contract I need the other parties agreement.

Should I talk to the slime to get its agreement? (T/N: LOL)

『In case of monsters who don’t understand words, you have to weaken it considerably without defeating it though. If you invoke the contract then, it will agree to it. It’s a fellow you want to befriend by using strength.』 (Merufina)

Merufina appeared to have an abundant gamer’s knowledge, too.

It seems I would finish it off if I used magic, so I had to use the wood rod to fight it.

“Tou!” (Kelvin)



Putting a fair amount of strength into it, I attacked the blue slime.

The slime was blown back by a few meters while rolling around *poyon poyon*

I invoked [Eyes of Identification].

「Remaining HP: 3. Do you wish to form a contract?」 (System)

I held up my hand towards the slime as arranged by the system in order to form a contract.

“Uo~ … It feels like something is coming out of its body covering it in a mist. Is this alright?” (Kelvin)

『Regardless whether the formation of a contract is successful or not, half of the remaining MP will be spent on the attempt. That’s the effect of spending a large amount of mana.』 (Merufina)

“Please tell me that earlier … Oh well, okay. Is the contract formation successful?” (Kelvin)

Looking at the blue slime, it started to gradually to glow in a white light.

Bright.

『Congratulations. The contract is established.』 (Merufina)

“Is it done with this?” (Kelvin)

『The monster you contracted this time has no name yet. How about giving it a name, Master?』 (Merufina)

Fumu, name, huh?

My naming sense is on fire and so it will end up sounding chuuni-like.1

Should I play it safe here?

No, it’s no problem as this a fantasy world.

“Alright, from today onwards you shall be called Clotho2. Please take care of me from now on!” (Kelvin)

Clotho jumps up while trembling *purupuru* .



And then it changed into light particles which were absorbed into me.

That fellow became a magic body, huh?

According to what Merufina told me before, with this Clotho should have been absorbed into my mana.

“Oi Clotho, can you hear me?” (Kelvin)

Although I can’t hear Clotho’s words, its feelings are directly transmitted to me.

Is it pleased with only this?

『Mutual understanding is possible without having to use words as a means of communication. As a fellow follower I have to say this method gives me peace of mind though.』 (Merufina)

Ah, Clotho is slightly scared.

You don’t have to be afraid of Merufina.

For the time being I should name this as follower’s network (T/N: Blog!).

It allows virtually instant conversation and it looks to me that it will be useful in battle.

“The next is summoning. As I used half my MP earlier for the contract, the remaining MP is 10. Will that be sufficient?” (Kelvin)

『For a slime of this level it will be fine. However in regards to understanding the summoning skill: Please be careful of the forceful contract cancellation in case the followers HP drops to 0 and it dies.』 (Merufina)

In this world it had been arranged that 『HP reduced to zero = death』.

Naturally there is no such thing as revival in the church after death as it is common in games.

Clotho is an important friend who will accompany me from now on.

I will make sure to not make a blunder and avoid such a thing to happen.

『As long as so much as 1 HP remains, it is possible to cancel the summons and return the follower back into your mana. HP and MP will be recovered gradually over time, if it returns to be a magic body. Please make sure to apply this rule wisely.』(Merufina)

*Funfun* Very educational.

Well then, now that I have received Merufina-sensei’s authorization, I shall invoke the summoning.

Ah, right. I don’t know yet how far my magic range goes. Let’s go with summoning right before the eyes then.

Just as the thought crossed my mind, the magic square appeared instantly and in the next instant Clotho was within it.

It seems that summoning is carried out in a fairly high speed.

“First objective of testing achieved. Next up, the subjugation request.” (Kelvin)

『Making Clotho murder its own family … Master, you are quite the savage.』(Merufina)

“Gufu” (Kelvin)

When I was writhing in agony over my lacking discretion, Clotho transmitted its feelings by jumping about.

“Because the slime family grows by the strong absorbing the weak it is alright, huh? Clotho, you don’t have to force yourself.” (Kelvin)

Clotho showed its eagerness with his trembling body.

No, there’s no problem if Clotho is fine with it.

“As for absorbing the defeated opponent, that would be a problem. I have to dismantle the slimes and collect the cores as proof for the subjugation request this time.” (Kelvin)

However it should be okay for Clotho to absorb a part of the opponent.

I am a bit anxious about the remaining MP. I want to try out magic a bit, too.

We found a target.

Translation Notes

1 chuuninbyou (in short: chuuni) … well for those who don’t know that term yet. Some weird delusional sickness of Japanese middle school students thinking they are some kind of super heroes and such.

2 クロト .. Kroto would be the name I guess? If someone knows anything better, please feel free to share. I suspect it has some weird reference to a game/manga/anime/novel too. Changed it to Clotho now, sounds cuter any way and fixed the gender to neutral (for now). ^^
CHAPTER 5 – LEVEL UP
The new follower Clotho was next to me, tagging along on the search for blue slimes. After a short while we discovered 2 blue slimes.

“Let’s test the green magic to assess it. Because I will attack one of the slimes with magic, I will leave the other one to you, Clotho. Please show me the way you fight.” (Kelvin)

Clotho nods. *koku koku*

Due to the decreased mana supply, I immediately applied reinforcement on myself as to not be defeated by the approaching common blue slime.

Concerning green magic, I received several rudimentary instructions from Merufina.

After the contract with Clotho and its summoning, my MP took a heavy blow leaving me with only a part of it remaining. However I still have some recovery items.

Therefore I should be able to deal with a slime as opponent some way or the other.

“Air Blade Wind!” (Kelvin)

Grade F green magic [Air Blade Wind]

Small air blades are generated. It is a magic that attacks the target.

Although the attack power is low, it’s a low-cost and invisible attack that can be fired. Nice usability.

The wind tears apart the blue slime consigning it to oblivion in one blow.

“Clotho, go!” (Kelvin)

Clotho begins to run at great speeds challenging the blue slime with a charge.

This charge blew off the opponent and finished it off.

Its speed was totally different to the time before the contract was made. Most likely that was because of the Grade S summoning. The gap caused by the status up was huge as well.

『Because of the Grade S summoning all statuses are increased by +100.』 (Merufina)

Wha?! Additional 100!?

I confirmed Clotho’s status with [Eyes of Identification].

Clotho – 0 years old – No race – Blue Slime

Level: 1

Title: None

HP: 105/105 <+100>

MP: 100/100 <+100>

STR: 101 <+100>

STA: 101 <+100>

AGI: 102 <+100>

MATK: 101 <+100>

LUK: 102 <+100>

Skill: Stun resistance

Buffs1: Summoning Technique / Mana Enhancement (Grade S)

Skill points: 0

That’s too powerful … So that’s why nations value summoners so highly.

Just a slime follower of a level 1 summoner and it’s already this powerful.

An immediate asset if used in the army.

『Just a small correction: The only one possessing a Grade S summoning skill is you, master. The other rabble is at the most Grade B or C. Their status up is approximately +10 ~ +20. They are not able to turn a slime follower into an immediate asset.』(Merufina)

Are you serious? It’s no less than a splendid cheat to possess such skill at level 1.

Moreover, isn’t it the first time you praised me, Merufina? I’m a little bit happy.

After a short time, when Clotho had easily defeated third blue slimes, a fanfare resounded.



Is it that!? That default pattern !?

Before my eyes the status screen appeared.

Level up! Level 1 => Level 2

 

Kelvin – 23 years old – Human – Summoner

Level: 2

Title: None

HP: 20/20 <+10>

MP: 23/35 <+20>

STR: 3 <+2>

STA: 3 <+2>

AGI: 9 <+6>

MATK: 15 <+10>

LUK: 12 <+8>

Skill: Summoning <Grade S> Open Slots: 8

Green Magic <Grade F>

Eye of Appraisal <Grade S>

Growth rate x2

Skill points x2



Experience sharing

Skill points: 100

Oh, thanks to the passive skills the growth is remarkable.

It is very nice in regards to the expected increase of mana consumption.

I received 100 skill points, too.

『Please change from the status screen to the skill entries. By using the skill points, another new skill can be obtained.』 (Merufina)

“By the way, does the general public of this world know about the status screen? The situation of a level up should occur occasionally.” (Kelvin)

『It is known. The method is different though. One silently prays to God for displaying the status screen. That way one is able to display their own status, acquire skills and manage parties by themselves. However, the status screen of others cannot be seen.』 (Merufina)

In order to view the status of others, [Eyes of Identification] was necessary.

All things considered, you could confidently say that this world was quite permeated with a game-like mechanism.

Well, I don’t think this state of affairs is doubted, though, since it is like that since birth.

“Well then, I will open the skill entries.”

I opened the skill entries within the status screen.

The screen is full of skills with their name and effects. The required points to obtain a specific skill are listed as well. All together it was who-knows-how-many.

『Not all skills are displayed yet. There also are skills which require certain achievements to unlock them.』 (Merufina)

“I was able to get the summoning skill normally.” (Kelvin)

『That was a special exception and is usually not possible. That was, so to speak, a bonus available in the skill entries before transferring to this world.』 (Merufina)

“Then, there is no such bonus in this world available as well? Oh well, it can’t be helped.” (Kelvin)

While skimming through the skill entries, I let Clotho guard the vicinity.

“… Say, isn’t the amount of spendable skill points too low? After all, Grade F skills cost 10 points.” (Kelvin)

『By nature skill points represent the point values of the abilities. By increasing the level you obtain (T/N: ability) growth points. Although that value differs for each person, typically the point values of the abilities are 50 with growth points at 5.』 (Merufina)

“Oi, my growth points are 100. Even taking into account the doubled skill point gain, this number is weird.” (Kelvin)

『Incidentally the point values of the abilities were derived before the transfer. Even though there is a margin caused by the skills, generally the required points are as follows: Grade F: 10, Grade E: 20, Grade D: 40, Grade C: 80, Grade B: 160, Grade A: 320 and Grade S: 640. Because it is necessary to start from the lowest Grade when acquiring a skill, Grade S requires in total 1270 points.』 (Merufina)

“… Even if a common person reaches level 100, they can only get one skill up to Grade B at the most.” (Kelvin)

『… That’s how it is.』 (Merufina)

“… Even though I have two Grade S skills at level 1.” (Kelvin)

『… Look, it’s in exchange for your memories.』 (Merufina)

Now, that’s the very definition of me piling up a cheat on a cheat.

All the other-worlders in this world would believe this to be a bug.

However, I don’t know if there are any.

『To the bitter end, that is the situation of a common person. Among them there are some feared as inhumane or devil kings, too.』 (Merufina)

I won’t worry about it.

The difference in the raised basic statuses is more precious compared to the situation with the skills.

As long as I don’t do anything strange, I won’t stand out neither.

For now, let’s return to slowly checking the available skills.

While issuing instructions to Clotho, I face the remainder of the subjugation request.

 

Translation Notes

1 Translation would be “Support/Auxiliary Effects” but well, in game terms that would be “Buffs,” thus I will go with that. ^^

CHAPTER 6 – SKILL
The blue slime subjugation finished without any problems.

The summoned Clotho had been recalled.

After receiving the reward from the guild, I went to search for an inn to stay at for today.

“That’s the inn Angie-san mentioned, huh?” (Kelvin)

Angie had recommended an inn and taught me the necessary information.

『How affectionate of her to consider the pursue of a newcomer adventurer, Angie’s highly recommended inn! Apparently, that is.』 (Merufina)

“‘Singing spirits.’1 No doubt, it’s here. Let’s go inside.” (Kelvin)

Opening the door, I was greeted by an oba-san with a large build standing at the counter.

The landlady, huh?

“Oops, a guest? Welcome to ‘Singing Spirits’!” (oba-san)

“Umm, I would like to stay for one night.” (Kelvin)

“If it suits you, please stay the next as well. I would be glad. Atasha Clare2, nice to meet you.” (Clare)

“I am Kelvin. Apparently the food here is very delicious. It is a pleasure from now on.” (Kelvin)

“Hahaha, I have to put all my skills into the cooking today then!” (Clare)

After paying the lodging expenses, Clare-san guided me to my room.

I was briefly told the time for dinner in this inn.

Fuu~ , finally I can relax a bit.

“Although I had anticipated it, there is no bath …” (Kelvin)

『Royalty has bathrooms in their castle, the noble’s mansions often don’t have one either though. Commoners normally bathe in cold water or boil some water to use it to wipe their bodies.』 (Merufina)

“For Japanese people to not have a bath in their livelihood is severe! … One day I will live in a house with a bathroom.” (Kelvin)

As I was burning with ambition towards my new objective, I opened the skill entries from the status screen.

While scrolling through the entries, I was looking for the intended skill.

“… There!” (Kelvin)

 

Hide (Grade F) – Required Skill Points: 10

Up to Grade F [Eyes of Identification] can be prevented.



Up to Grade F [Detection] can be prevented.

Objects can be hidden.

 

Acquiring this skill ought to be the highest priority in order to hide my status information.

After listening to Merufina’s explanation before, it is obvious that the degree of difficulty for the skills I possess is unusual.

If it became known that I possess such skills at Level 2, I would be regarded as totally suspicious.

Therefore I will raise [Hide] up to Grade D.

Currently I have excess war potential on the battlefield.

“With this the countermeasure against [Eyes of Identification] is OK for the moment. Before long I want to raise it up to Grade B if possible, but …” (Kelvin)

Also, for the sake of this, I intend to focus on doing subjugation requests starting tomorrow.

I want to raise my cooperation proficiency with Clotho, too.

Oh, yes! By the way, this afternoon Clotho raised its level by defeating 5 blue slimes as well.



10 growth points were earned.

What wonderful superiority, isn’t it? With those 10 points Clotho can purchase quite a few varied skills.

 

Absorb (Grade F) – Required Skill Points: 10

A portion of mana will be absorbed and converted into energy.

Also effective when magic attacks are used.

Depending on the skill rank, the absorption power will be raised.

 

A quite interesting skill.

The absorbed energy can also be used to restore (T/N: heal) oneself. Furthermore it can also be used for attacking.

If the skill rank rises, it might be possible to completely nullify magic.

From now on Clotho will have to keep working hard, too.

“However, today’s fights went beyond easy. Neither Clotho nor me received any damage.” (Kelvin)

『Blue slimes are monsters that even beginner adventurers can safely hunt. To lose with such power, on the contrary, would be embarrassing. Some specimen can surpass the standard level and become high level. It is also possible for some to evolve into a different species. Unpreparedness is one’s greatest enemy.』 (Merufina)

“Evolution? Monsters can raise their level and evolve?” (Kelvin)

『The level is not the absolute condition in this case. The surrounding environment, the preferred food and further various conditions. Particularly, Clotho’s race, the slimes, got a diverse evolution tree. I am also looking forward to what my evolution will be like.』(Merufina)

I don’t understand Merufina any more. How can she look forward so much to the time of evolution.

“Hee~ , Clotho might sooner or later evolve, too. I am anticipating it, Clotho.” (Kelvin)

Clotho seems to be in high spirits.

Well then, for the time being I should go and get a meal.

Since I forgot to eat anything as I was engrossed in battle during lunch time.

I suppose that this will be the first meal I enjoy in this alternate world.

 

Translation Notes

1 精霊歌亭 .. “seirei uta tei” .. Well aforementioned name is my take on it. In case I am wrong, feel free to tell me. :)

2 Well I was confused at first as I thought her forename is Clare, but that doesn’t seem to be case as it’s apparently “Forename Last name” order. Since the MC calls her Clare-san, I will refer to her as Clare too, even if it is her last name.
CHAPTER 7 – ROOKIE CRUSHER
Merely one week has passed since I came to this world.

If someone asked me what I was doing in that time span, the answer would be subjugation & subjugation.

The next day after the blue slime subjugation, I accepted yet another Rank F subjugation request. Since the request was far too easy I simply breezed through it.

From then on I only accepted Rank E subjugation requests.

“Congratulations, Kelvin-san! By successfully completing this request, your adventurer rank has risen to Rank E!” (Angie)

Angie gave her blessing.

In all honesty, there was no sense of accomplishment though.

The subjugation target monsters for Rank E were Orcs, Kobolds and their likes. Basically monsters priding themselves in group tactics trying to crush their opponents with numbers.

However they weren’t overly intelligent after all.

For the [Status Up] Clotho and me they were no enemies due to our mutual understanding.

“At the time while processing the Rank E request, I was wondering how it would work out for you. Kelvin-san hasn’t formed a party after all ~mon1 ” (Angie)

I can’t join one even if I want to.

In the case I joined a party, my summoner class would immediately be exposed.

But, even though I can’t join one, I got a reliable partner anyway.

『A follower who was materialized by casting [Summon] will automatically be added to your party, Master. Substantially they always are part of your party though.』(Merufina)

Substantially, huh?

Looking at it from the view of other guys, an adventurer group consisting of only one rookie magician was finishing requests one rank above their own one after the other. For that reason …. it was quite conspicuous.

『Did you plan to act while not standing out?』 (Merufina)

It is tedious.

Forgive me.

While talking to Merufina within my mind, Angie-san leaned across the counter and drew close to me.

Too close!

“Kelvin-san, did you serve in any country as court magician? For a rookie-san you are far too strong.” (Angie)

“Eh, eto, I cannot disclose any details. I’m sorry.” (Kelvin)

“Ah, no, I am sorry as well! It is strictly forbidden to inquire about such matters from adventurers, you know …” (Angie)

Please, forgive me for making up such a thing.

I apologized once more within my mind.

“But please be careful. Because it is Kelvin-san, you want to receive a Rank D request next, isn’t that right?” (Angie)

“Yes, that was my intention.” (Kelvin)

If I tell a lie while receiving a request, it will also be exposed.2

Therefore I replied honestly here.

“If I think it is really dangerous, I will run away. I am confident in my escape skills.” (Kelvin)

“Please properly prepare your equipment at least! You haven’t changed your equipment for a week, have you, Kelvin-san?!” (Angie)

Oh, now that she mentioned it, I haven’t bought anything new.

Excessive pride is no good either.

I can gradually change my equipment with the reward money I have received so far.

“Hahaha, I understand. I will get some brand new equipment … that being said, I would like to receive a Rank D request now, please.” (Kelvin)

“Mu~ , did you really understand it? Eeto, Rank D request, it is …” (Angie)

While Angie was confirming the request, a man standing close by called out to me.

“Talking about Rank D, how about a Black Soulknight3 subjugation?” (-)

“Black Soulknight?” (Kelvin)

“Ca-Cashel-san (T/N: >> Kasheru <<), you are back already …!” (Angie)

By the way, who is this guy? Although I have turned up at the guild several times already, I never saw this guy.

Going by the impression of his appearance, he is a blond-haired ikemen with a refreshing air around him. Yet I somehow sense an unpleasant aura emitting from him.

“Yaa, Angie-chan, I’m back.4 I just got back now.” (Cashel)

“… Thanks for your hard work. How did it go with your request?” (Angie)

“Of course, safely resolved. It was a slightly tough fight in the lizardmen’s den though. Hahaha.” (Cashel)

Although Angie had a smile plastered across her whole face, her expression was cramped.



Somehow the mood of the surrounding adventurers became gloomy as well.

“By the way, the buddy over there, didn’t you raise to Rank E just now? Congratulations! Your adventurer-senpai is happy for you!” (Cashel)

“Eeto, who are you?” (Kelvin)

“Otto, I haven’t introduced myself yet. I am Cashel. A Rank D adventurer.” (Cashel)

He was a man acting out a drama in every little way.

The surrounding adventurers started to whispering among themselves. I tried to listen in a bit.

<Saying such things without shame despite having the ability of a Rank B in reality.>

<His purpose in life is to crush rookies after all. I guess he is excited since he can aim for that rookie who took a Rank D request just now.>

<Haa, unfortunately there is no one who is stronger than Cashel in this guild. It might be best to pretend to not have seen anything.>

The adventurers, who drank inside the bar, talked in low voices.

There ought to be Rank D adventurers among them.

As they weren’t meddling in this situation although they had the same rank, it seems the things they said were true.

“My party has talked about subjugating Black Soulknights next. Do you want to come with us? Judging by your appearance, Rank E requests are starting to be no challenge for you any more.” (Cashel)

“P-Pl-Please wait! Certainly that request is Rank D, but those Black Soulknights are a lot stronger than the others! Most likely they are an evolved subspecies. That request is far too dangerous for Kelvin-san!” (Angie)

“Hahaha, Angie-chan, it’s all right. Considering what you talked about a while ago, he cleared the Rank E request by himself, isn’t that so? If he cooperates with us, it will be no problem at all.” (Cashel)

“That is …” (Angie)

Angie ended up holding her tongue back.

“Thanks for the offer, but I won’t join your party. There would be no gain in forming a party with me either.” (Kelvin)

“You don’t have to hold back. You can consider this as a part of life experience, too.” (Cashel)

This guy, he is quite persistent.

I don’t have any interest in him coming over here.

Incidentally, Angie had stopped interfering not too long ago. Seeing this opportunity, I will use [Eyes of Identification] to see just how dangerous this Cashel guy really is.

 

 



Cashel – 25 years old – Human – Magic Swordsman

Level: 34

Title: Murderer

HP: 315/315

MP: 104/104

STR: 156 <+20>

STA: 131

AGI: 126

MATK: 102

LUK: 89

Skill: Sword Mastery (Grade B)

Herculean Strength (Grade E)

White Magic (Grade E)

Spy (Grade E)

Hide (Grade F)

Art of Conversation (Grade E)

Skill points: 0

 

 

The status level can’t be compared to Clotho.

He possesses some disturbing skills as well. And above all else, that title … However it is extremely unlikely for Cashel to be caught, too.

He made me his target quite obviously.

That’s right, we will settle it here.

“That’s so, isn’t it? Well, how about a match then?” (Kelvin)

“Match?” (Cashel)

“Yes, how about a match who will defeat that monster Black Soulknight, we talked about earlier, first? Of course I will challenge it solo.” (Kelvin)

“Oi oi, it isn’t an enemy you can defeat by yourself. As planned I will receive the request and go with my party, is that fine with you?” (Cashel)

“I don’t mind.” (Kelvin)

Am I not walking into the trap that guy set up for me this way?

Cashel is completely aiming for me. Probably he will attack me while I am fighting that Black Soulknight. Or he might attack me while on the journey to the destination, I guess.

I don’t know whether it is because of his pleasure in murdering or to snatch the reward, he is a worthy opponent either way.

More than anything else, I want to show the results of my leveling and training.

Besides, I am quite sure that I want to try it.

『Master, this way of thinking is peculiar to battle maniacs.』 (Merufina)

Shut up.

“Fufu, you seem to be full of yourself. I am fine with the match.” (Cashel)

“Then let’s begin the match. Angie-san, the request, please.” (Kelvin)

“K-Ke-Kelvin-san …” (Angie)

Angie-san, who had turned her sight this way, had a facial expression that seemed to break out into tears any time soon. However I couldn’t afford to pull back here.

Let’s just say that I am finally allowed to test my own strength.

 

 

Translation Notes

1 Not sure yet if it is one of those special kinds of sentence endings in Japanese or if it should be translated by its meaning. I am leaving it as such for now.

2 Don’t remember it, but I think it might be one of the adventurer rules in regards to requests.

3 黒霊騎士 … Kuro rei kishi … for those wondering about it.

4 Tadaima … well, usually known as “I’m home.”
CHAPTER 8 – CASHEL
This chapter is partially written from Cashel’s POV but then again not, kind of a mix. His thoughts are written in italic.

For those wondering: Rank x will be used for requests and adventurer ranks. Grade x will be used for skills (always in [ ]). Just for differentiation.

“… so, how was it? Him.” (Cashel)

After Cashel left the guild, he entered a dark alley.

Two men were waiting for Cashel there. Beforehand those two were mingling with the other adventurers at the bar while having light-hearted talks here and there.

“… Ah, boss.1 That rookie, I think he might be an important person.” (-)

It was small dirty man with the air of a thief around him.

“Rank C going by my [Eyes of Identification]. At least that guy likely got Grade C [Hide] if not more, you know ssu~ .” (-)

“Hee, even though he was brandishing his useless pride in his own skills so recklessly? I wonder what he is hiding.” (Cashel)

“Oi, Cashel. Can we tease him a bit before killing him off? I want to fight him first!” (-)

Next to the small man, there was a lively, muscular giant standing.

Cashel shrugged his shoulders while exclaiming a “Yare yare2 ” as the giant was laughing.

Even though it’s the usual antics, that guy really has no self-restraint.

“Raji (T/N: >> Raji <<), calm down a bit, will ya? He challenged us to a match on his own accord. We should praise his conviction as his senpais.” (Cashel)

“This can also count as guidance, you know ssu~ . Raji, you are not allowed to break yet another one with all your strength ssu~ . Whatever you do, the basics are to be very very gentle ssu~ .” (-)

“I don’t really understand such difficult words! I will merely do him in just like always.” (Raji)

“As always a muscle-brain ssu~ …” (-)

Cashel ran across those two about half a year ago.

While they were raiding and scavenging a certain village, although it was by coincidence he happened to pass by and thus their cooperation began.

To begin with, Cashel himself was at that time also searching for prey in that area.

Although he is an adventurer, he also carries an aspect of deriving pleasure from murdering others.

Occasionally he used his well-featured outer appearance and at other times he displayed his mastery of the sword in front of them as a lure. Since he possessed the skills [Spy] and [Hide] he smoothly coerced them while hiding his true intentions.

The name of the small man is Gimul (T/N: >> Gimuru <<).

He was a member of a famous band of thieves before the group was annihilated in a fight with a high-ranking adventurer.

Being aware of the nature of that adventurer due to his [Eyes of Identification], he escaped before anyone else could.

Though it was sly, this swift action saved his life.



From then on he lived his life filled with a void every day.

Before he ran away, he took out one knife.

He realized that the means of him surviving was only one way.

The giant man was Raji.

By nature, he was a mercenary wandering the battlefields in his search for blood.

However, he not only slaughtered the enemy but occasionally ordinary citizens as well. During war time both countries agreed to put him on the wanted list for his brutal nature.

Although it was also amusing to kill the bounty hunters who came for his head, it gradually became unpleasant.

Heading towards far off lands, he moved from nation to nation.

Those three different characters met in that village in the end.

Without even the time for the guild and nation to send reinforcements, they destroyed the village completely.

Leaving no more than a gruesome scene behind, Cashel used [Hide] on the thing resembling a mountain of corpses.

Although it would be exposed due to the level of the skill being Grade F, if [Eyes of Identification] were to be used, it was a temporary solution until they could dispose of it.

Having found kindred spirits, the three proceeded to agree on a mutual goal they could do together while keeping their different conduct.



As it was quite hilarious that their base was the town Pazu they enjoyed themselves while not leaving a trail of their deeds. Recently they were overdoing it though.

A rumor that Cashel was abusing his position as an adventurer to hunt rookies had begun to spread.

From that time onwards it went so far that suspicious looks were directed at Cashel wherever he went. Occasionally Gimul and Raji simply considered it to be all right to abandon Cashel.

That didn’t mean they would reveal his actions to the public right away though. When the time was ripe, they would sell out Cashel in order to gain the achievement of catching him by themselves …

Recently Kelvin came to the town Pazu. Cashel was absent on a campaign. Gimul and Raji spent their days drinking in the bar.

It was just a matter of time before they would target Kelvin who was completing requests consecutively in a short amount of time.

“Still, going ahead and causing us work … to actually defeat a Black Soulknight solo … I hate it that I don’t know what he is thinking. What do you think?”

“No idea. I wonder if he is a simpleton confident in his own victory? Not that it would make any difference.”

“Good! Good! Defeating him will be well worth it!” (Raji)

“… Maa, at that time I will leave it to you, Raji.” (Gimul)

Gimul and Raji didn’t notice.

Cashel had planned to use this match to get rid of them to begin with.

Cashel had realized it himself, too.

It wouldn’t be unusual for himself to be accused of the crime of hunting rookies.

The place the Black Soulknights appeared was an old castle filled with evil spirits classifying it as a Rank D dungeon.

He was told that the Black Soulknights appeared inside the deepest part of the castle. Of those drawn in and those gathered by the guild to tackle the Rank D request, no one has returned as a result.

On that occasion Cashel went on an expedition and using his [Spy] skill he scouted the area. Quite obviously it wasn’t just a Black Soulknight.

Let’s use that guy to remove the nuisances.

Cashel refined his plan to use the rookie hunt as bait.

Unlike the rookie adventurer, those three had miscalculated. After all they didn’t particularly pay any attention to him and neither were they vigilant towards him.

At the point of time when Gimul’s [Eyes of Identification] were resisted, they ought to have noticed it.

For him to be endowed with skills far beyond Grade C.

Translation Notes

1 danna … can mean a lot of things, I opted for boss here as it fits the setting perfectly.

2 exclamation of relief or disappointment, border line to a sfx but well not quite.
After receiving the request, Kelvin left the guild and went towards the store in order to get new weapons and armor.

As he had saved up a few funds from doing Rank E requests as is, it ended up this way. He wanted to keep his promise to Angie-san.

He sold the wood rod and instead got a new green wand. The same happened to his old armor, he replaced his travelers equipment with a magic robe.

His new wand had a good affinity with green magic, so he anticipated to receive a magic boost from it.

“For the time being I am paying attention to the three guys with [Presence Perception]. But it’s strange that they didn’t start it inside the town.” (Kelvin)

『Because there are too many risks involved, you know. I think they will try to attack us in the dungeon.』 (Merufina)

[Presence Perception] is a skill that lets me vaguely feel the presence of living things in my direct surroundings.

However, if you have once identified and remembered someone’s signature, it became also possible to track their whereabouts and be aware of their situation, if you paid attention to it.

Acquiring this skill is a good countermeasure against [Spy]. It was an unexpected gain.

I had been aware of the fact that his comrades were in the adventurer’s bar beforehand.

After all I had checked the statuses of every adventurer in there using my [Eyes of Identification] in advance.

In the case it was a dangerous person I remembered their status and face in order to work out a plan for countermeasures if necessary.

Among those there were some especially dangerous individuals. Those guys were Gimul and Raji, who drank sake everyday in the bar.

Both, their levels and statuses, were far superior to the other adventurers.

And, the deciding factor was that both had the same kind of title as in Cashel’s case.

Gimul’s was Villain and Raji’s was Multicide.1

Because those two were everyday sitting together gulping down sake, I was looking out for them even if it was something unpleasant to do.

『Incidentally, when Cashel came calling out to us, those two were the quickest to notice it.』 (Merufina)

“Ah, especially Gimul, because he has Grade C [Eyes of Identification]. It’s a good thing that I raised [Hide] early on.” (Kelvin)

At the time I finished the request on the first day, I was quite intent on obtaining that skill.

If I had been just a bit slower, it might have lead to a serious disadvantage now.

However, I didn’t expect another guy who had [Eyes of Identification] besides me to join in either.

It was a riddle why he had stayed idle without saying anything.

Even if he had such a title, wouldn’t it have been in vain to try having him arrested unless he was caught red-handed?

“Looking at the extent of their statuses, it feels like Raji is a combat professional while Gimul’s duty is to supports with reconnaissance.”(Kelvin)

Gimul – 19 years old – Human – Thief

Level: 27

Title: Villain

HP: 92/92

MP: 36/36

STR: 84

STA: 81

AGI: 132

MATK: 30



LUK: 29

Skills:

Throwing (Grade E)

Eyes of Identification (Grade C)

Hide Detection (Grade C)

Skill points: 6

Raji – 33 years old – Human – Berserker

Level: 36

Title: Multicide

HP: 370/370

MP: 0/0

STR: 230 <+40>

STA: 169 <+40>

AGI: 37

MATK: 37

LUK: 51

Skills:



Martial Arts (Grade C)

Herculean Strength (Grade D)

Iron Wall (Grade D)

Natural Recovery (Grade F)

Skill points: 2

I see … at any rate, let’s head towards the Old Castle of Evil Spirits.

It seems those three won’t take any action until I start to make my move.

It’s not a situation where waiting for a long time will resolve it with a victory.

Traveling north across the forest where I woke up for the first time in this world, the Old Castle of Evil Spirits was a short walk ahead following an animal trail.

Just a little while ago this Rank D dungeon was an activity point for adventurers who had the necessary skills. Since the Black Soulknight appeared its popularity disappeared over night.

For that reason, I am the only person at this dungeon right now.

It seems Cashel’s party was still traveling within the forest.

“Be that as it may, not a single monster with the undead attribute came out …” (Kelvin)

I complain while using [Wind] to fly up.

『Isn’t that an attribute you are weak against, Master?』 (Merufina)

“I don’t like to look at those things.” (Kelvin)

In this dungeon there were many monsters such as zombies and spirits. Their typical appearance wasn’t very good to look at.

Mainly it was a matter of emotions though.

It’s not as bad that I am trembling, but disgusting things remain disgusting.

Maa, as I advance I will get used to this feeling, too,  and it will fade away.

Because I am also able to destroy them by myself, Clotho’s turn hasn’t come up yet.

Currently it was on standby within me.

Incidentally, after defeating several tens of zombies, I arrived before a huge door.

“… I don’t want to enter.” (Kelvin)

I felt a powerful presence behind that huge door in front of me.

“Cashel’s party … did they enter this dungeon just now? If they follow the path where I just cleared all monsters, they will arrive here in about 5 minutes.” (Kelvin)

『Their strategy is to attack Master in a pincer attack while Master is fighting the Black Soulknight?』 (Merufina)

Surveying the vicinity a bit, Kelvin pondered.

In front of the huge door there was a medium-sized room. Behind him there was nothing but the passageway he used to arrive here.

“Alright, let’s begin the preliminary arrangements.” (Kelvin)

 

 

Translation Notes

1 The original would be someone who slaughtered masses of people/ someone doing atrocities. Well I opted against Mass Murderer cause it sounded too plain! ;)
CHAPTER 10 – TRAP
After the preparations were done, I waited for a little while.

Then Cashel’s party finally arrived at the inner room I am waiting at.

“Ah, Cashel-san arrived, too, huh? Those two gentlemen over there are members of your party, right? Somehow it seems that on the other side of that huge door the Black Soulknight is laying in wait.” (Kelvin)

“Although it was a match to determine who would subjugate it first, you went through the trouble of waiting for us? Very gentlemanly, aren’t you?” (Cashel)

Did I go contrary to Cashel’s expectations? He wears a slightly surprised expression.

Just as Merufina had declared a little while ago, obviously they had planned to assault me while I was fighting the Black Soulknight. Or maybe they planned to pick the time when I was neglecting my back during the combat.

For the person who challenged them to the match himself to wait for them, they didn’t seem to have considered that possibility at all.

“It appears that the Black Soulknight is restricted as long you don’t go on the other side of the door. Because strangely it didn’t come to attack over here.” (Kelvin)

Kii….

While saying this, the door opened a little.

Through the gap in the door a giant in a daunting pose wearing a jet black full plate armor could be seen.

In his hand he held an all black bastard sword. 1

Rather than waiting for its prey to come, it was plainly obvious that it was protecting something.

“And, what? Since it is impossible for you to defeat it by yourself after all, you want to cooperate with us?!” (Raji)

Raji raised his voice.

I want him to stop because his loud voice rings in the ears in this airtight space.

“Not quite correct. Of course, I will win the match. However, if someone were to interfere in my fight with the Black Soulknight, it would be troublesome. No, maybe I should rather say I would be troubled if you were to defeat the Black Soulknight?” (Kelvin)

I stopped using keigo.2 As I returned to using casual speech, the three people slowly began to enter combat stances.

Cashel and Raji advanced as vanguards while Gimul fell back to the rear.

“… Danna, this bastard already knew about us ssu~” (Gimul)

“Fuu, noticing it and yet still approaching us solo, not even comprehending the significance of that. Were you employed by the guild? Or, are you aiming for Raji’s3bounty?” (Cashel)

“Oh no, I am just concerned about the match. To begin with, the first ones to come charging are you guys, don’t you agree?” (Kelvin)

“Even then, you lured us her for the purpose of trapping us, no? The reason for you pretending to be a rookie was to gain so many achievements and to get us interested in your case.” (Cashel)

“You, what a guy … Indeed! Your skill rank is bound to be high!” (Raji)

Somehow they deepened their misunderstanding of the conversation … it must be because the skill is high!

『The situation isn’t bad. Please go ahead and make some sort of decision.』(Merufina)

hei hei 4

“Maa, either of them is fine. Although you planned to let me walk into your trap, it is you guys who walked into my trap. It’s merely such a story.” (Kelvin)

“Hehe, newcomer-danna, if you are going to pick a place, isn’t this a slightly poor location? There is nothing but the entrance and exit in the back and behind this huge door there is the Black Soulknight. On top of that, the situation at this moment is 3 versus 1. That’s plenty disadvantageous, no?” (Raji)

Ah, that’s right.

As it is right now, that is, but …

“Isn’t it enough of this tedious talk? You are merely scared, the huge oaf over there, hurry up and start the fight.” (Kelvin)

“Who is scared in this case, eh !? Lowly people such as magicians are just talking big lies! So, bye bye!” (Raji)

Raji heads in a straight line for me.

Just as I thought, he was provoked with the cheap provocations.

Obvious as daylight, a simple-minded person.

“Raji! Don’t get provoked!” (Cashel)



Cashel yelled right away, but it was too late.

The magic I prepared in advanced began its invocation.

“Uo !?” (Raji)

Up until just now the ground was empty, but suddenly it changed into a swamp restricting Raji’s legs.

“You son of a bitch! What have you done?!” (Raji)

“Well, I am sure you want to know what the hell I have done.” (Kelvin)

There is no need to go “What!” He was welcomed by the Grade D green magic [Fetters of quagmire – Mud Bind] which was concealed with [Hide].

This magic changes the foothold to a bottomless quagmire snatching away the mobility of your opponent.

Strictly speaking, the grounds surface changed into a quagmire merely below the target. Thus there are many situations where it ends up being exposed, for example if the one in duty of support in a party used magic. The concealment this time wasn’t seen through and because of his ego he went straight into the trap by his own accord.

“This is … [Hide]?” (Cashel)

“Ah, it wasn’t caught by my [Hide Detection] either ssu~” (Gimul)

Maa, with the degree of Grade C it only has a slim chance to be seen through.

Considering this, [Hide] is a quite decent skill actually.

“Shit, such a degree of quagmire. Having my physical strength …!” (Raji)

“You better don’t try to move by force. After all it is bottomless.” (Kelvin)

While giving this advice, I shot [Wind] at each of the three people.

Cashel advanced while avoiding it. He headed towards me as he made a detour around the quagmire.

Although Raji was hit, he strangely didn’t receive any damage.



Gimul was …

“Oi, Gimul, you bastard, don’t just run away!” (Raji)

“Hehe, don’t hate me danna, Raji, before I am crushed to death it’s easier to leave. That newcomer-san is bad news. That’s what my instinct tells me ssu~ . So long!” (Gimul)

『Master, Gimul has begun to escape. Cashel will reach you in about 10 seconds.』(Merufina)

I know.

Even so, I had expected this to happen.

“Block the passage, Clotho” (Kelvin)

My magic range extends from this room until the passageway.

Therefore it is possible to summon Clotho in the back of Cashel’s party.

“Wh-What did you do!?” (Gimul)

Casting its light. the magic square was instantly deployed at the entrance to the passageway.

Being on guard, Gimul stopped.

As the light faded, Gimul saw the slime which wasn’t there before.

Having the same degree of height as Raji, it was an enormous slime.

Clotho – 0 years old – Gender: none – Slime Gluttonia (T/N: >> Gurantonia <<)

Level: 12

Title: The one who eats until exhaustion

HP: 465/465 <+100>

MP: 176/176 <+100>

STR: 223 <+100>

STA: 231 <+100>

AGI: 196 <+100>

MATK: 180 <+100>

LUK: 191 <+100>

Skills:

Overeating (Unique Skill) (T/N: !!!!!!!!!! Are you a frigging spider? xD)

Absorption (Grade D)

Storage (Grade B)

Stun Reduction by half

Buffs: Summoning Technique / Mana Supply (Grade S)

Skill points: 50

Translation Notes

1 Taiken … can also mean large sword and long sword so could be a broadsword or a bastard sword as well. I went with bastard sword for this one.

2 Polite speech

3 The author wrote Raji’s group here, but as far as I know neither Cashel nor Gimul got bounties on their heads, so I went with singular here.

4 yea yea
CHAPTER 11 – SLIME GLUTTONIA
 

Just a few days ago Clotho evolved into a different slime.

As usual we took a subjugation request, obviously.

It happened when Clotho was absorbing the monster he had defeated.

“Well then, with this today’s request is finished successfully, too … Clotho, oi, what’s wrong?” (Kelvin)

Clotho had abruptly stopped moving.

Its slime body entered a state of continuous trembling *puru puru*. Even calling out to it, didn’t cause it to move at all.

Additionally, using the communication network didn’t yield any results either as it didn’t react to anything.

“Are you alright, Clotho !?” (Kelvin)

『Master, Clotho has started to evolve.』 (Merufina)

“Evolution … the thing you talked about before?” (Kelvin)

『Yes. Although I don’t understand what has become the trigger for it yet. Let’s watch the situation for now.』 (Merufina)

Merufina is correct. I will also watch it.

Honestly, I am terribly worried and the suspense is killing me.

『It should be anytime now.』 (Merufina)

As Merufina said so, Clotho’s body began to radiate a bright light.

The light settled down and Clotho’s body became visible … Are, what’s up with this kind of body size …

“C-Cl-Clotho, you became quite huge …” (Kelvin)

Previously Clotho’s height approximately reached to my knee, but now it easily exceeds my full stature because of its growth.

Even if it was called a growth period, there should be a limit to it, I would think.

『… Slime Gluttonia』 (Merufina)

“That’s the species Clotho evolved into?” (Kelvin)

Remembering it, I used my [Eyes of Identification] to retrieve Clotho’s status.

“Incredible, all statuses across the board were risen, weren’t they? … This [Overeating] skill, although it is called an unique skill, what’s the difference to the regular skills?” (Kelvin)

『Every race has an unique skill. Or a chosen original skill which is only owned by the individual. Contrary to a regular skill, those skills manifest a powerful effect. The new [Overeating] skill Clotho has just acquired apparently is a skill that allows it to eat a portion of its target’s status to absorb it into it’s own status.』 (Merufina)

Then in such a situation, wouldn’t it become absurdly powerful in proportion to eating without limit?

Up until now, Clotho has absorbed all the monsters we defeated for the subjugation requests. That would result in its status to raise each time it has absorbed a monster.

In theory it’s the advent of the strongest Clotho!

『This time Clotho has evolved into the species1 “Slime Gluttonia.” A monster that appeared several hundred years ago in the Water nation Toularge (T/N: >> Toraji <<). Although Clotho is still very young, the monster that appeared at Toularge was an adult. Toularge was a magic nation having dozens of court magicians specialized in Blue magic. No matter what grand magic was used, the Slime Gluttonia ate it all in order to extinguish it. Toularge was driven to partial destruction just before a hero incidentally appeared who defeated the slime.』 (Merufina)

It seems as if Clotho is a Maou … also, Heroes exist here after all.

『In reality, Slime Gluttonia’s are passed on as semi-Maou class in history records. As for the case of heroes, they exist in this age as well. Given that they were transferred to this world just a while ago.』 (Merufina)

“… Hai? 2 ” (kelvin)



『Because the priestess of the Divine Empire Delamis (T/N: >> Deramisu <<) performed the ceremony of Otherworld Summoning. Doesn’t it feel like it would be currently a good time to do so? It’s difficult to gather good looking men and women.』 (Merufina)

“You, such a dreadful way to gloss over the main point without any hesitation … Maa, going with the flow, is there some kind of template of the Maou revival?” (Kelvin)

『Something along those lines. Master, please be relieved as these affairs have absolutely no relation to you. Because I am tired of such events as well, it’s better to not be involved with them, please.』 (Merufina)

“Ah, I see …” (Kelvin)

We will wait-and-see if I am not related to this.

The situation with Clotho is more important now.

There will be a celebration today!

◆◇◆◇◆

“W-Wh-What’s this slime? … I don’t know this species ssu~ !” (Gimul)

Clotho appeared in front of his eyes, throwing Gimul into extreme confusion.

Even so, that was only natural, as he used his [Eyes of Identification] to see the status of Clotho.

An unknown species boasting status values far above his own with an unique skill in spite of its low level … furthermore buffed with something like the Summoning Technique.

Without sufficiently grasping what he was seeing, he ended up in total confusion.

“Oi, Gimul, what’s wrong! What’s with this slime!?” (Raji)

“Gimul, fall back! You are too close to the monster!” (Cashel)

Cashel had stopped. Raji raised his voice while struggling with the quagmire. Gimul couldn’t stop his trembling.

“Clotho, do it” (Kelvin)



While paying attention to Cashel, I give Clotho the order.

Clotho transformed a part of his body into a whip and attacked Gimul.

Naturally, Gimul wasn’t able to react.

“Gu … Ha …” (Gimul)

His body received Clotho’s attack. It blew him away until he hit the wall.

He was only breathing faintly already.

“Maa, with an endurance of 81 that should be expected.” (Kelvin)

“You, even [Eyes of Identification] too …” (Cashel)

Cashel turned to me as he prepared his sword.

“Oi oi, your expression is changing for the worse, Cashel-senpai.” (Kelvin)

“Gu …” (Raji)

For a brief moment a loud sound reverberated.

It was Raji.

“Uoooo! <Furious Fist of Ogre’s Wrath3 > ooooo !” (Raji)

A red aura was wrapped around Raji’s fist as he stroke the quagmire.

The swamp swallowing him up to his knees evaporated.

In Raji’s eyes Clotho was reflected. He was laughing happily just like a child.

“Cashe~~~l! I will keep this slime company! You can do something about the man!” (Raji)

“… Considering your muscle-brain, it is an appropriate decision. I will manage somehow.” (Cashel)

Tsk, Cashel has regained his calm, huh?

That Raji is a battle maniac with a haphazard behaviour. It seems that this time it took a troublesome direction.

『You were a little too self-conceited. You should have finished him off while he was bound by the quagmire.』 (Merufina)

Ah, that’s my miss.

If you seal someone, then seal them completely. If you do someone in, then do them in completely.

After acquiring the [Courage] skill, I thought it would be fine, but I guess there is still some hesitation.

It is necessary to reflect on this.

“Fuu, then, it’s time to redeem myself, huh?” (Kelvin)

“What’s the problem? It may be difficult, but will you let me receive your full power? Rookie-san.” (Cashel)

“Ah, I’d like to do that but that would be troublesome, too. I will allow you practice with a partner of higher skill, Cashel-senpai” (Kelvin) (T/N: *fufufu*)

Translation Notes

1 Merufina calls it a species/race/family … but to me it sounds more like a subspecies. I will leave the sub- away for the moment even though I find it a bit odd.

2 Usually it would be “Yes?” but in English “What?” would fit much better, so I left the original.

3 怒鬼烈拳 … for those interested.
CHAPTER 12 – CONCLUSION
“Seii! <Furious Kick of Ogre’s Wrath> uuu !!!” (Raji)

Raji clad his right leg in red aura and attacked Clotho with a roundhouse kick using his entire body’s force.

It was a serious attack of a Rank B adventurer possessing true strength having enough power to blow a hole into the castle’s walls.

The pressure exerted resembled the power used to break Kelvin’s bottomless swamp he had conjured with Mud Bind.

It seems he learned this skill as an adventurer. Taking it on from the front would lead to an instant death with little chance to escape that fate.

Thinking of it as he had forged his [Martial Art] skill in his time as a mercenary, you could only call it a finishing move.

*poyon* …

The power of that finishing move struck Clotho’s body while giving off a stupid sound at the same time. It ended up being completely absorbed.

It was the effect of the skill [Stun Reduction by Half] Clotho possessed.

Thus, Raji’s compatibility towards Clotho was overwhelmingly bad.

“You shitty eyeball ! What’s this slime’s body made of !? My technique had no effect at all !” (Raji)

If Gimul had told Raji about Clotho’s status he had read by using [Eyes of Identification], he would have known about the reason for that.

Now there was no way for him to be aware of it though.

From the start Raji wasn’t someone who was overly knowledgeable about the details of skills.

“Gu, not yet !” (Raji)

Just like Clotho dealt with Gimul, it transformed a part of its body into a whip and began to attack Raji.

However, the number of whips had increased to 4.

The attacks approached Raji from all four directions. Focusing on defense, Raji’s somehow managed to endure the current situation by parrying the attacks.

The choice to avoid them didn’t even exist.

Clotho also rivaled Raji in physical strength and endurance. However, there was a hopeless difference in speed.

Consequently, there was nothing but Raji’s situation getting gradually worse and worse.

While being agitated, Raji suddenly threw himself on the ground in order to get out of the range of Clotho’s body whips.

Raju retreated from that body in the opposite direction.

“… What will you do now?” (Raji)

Following his line of sight, there was a quagmire ahead.

Incidentally comparing it to the size of Raji, it was very small.

Clotho absorbed the quagmire Kelvin had created with magic earlier.

—– In that case, Clotho transform the [Fetters of Quagmire – Mud Bind] that was torn earlier into nourishment for yourself.

Clotho faithfully followed Kelvin’s order and absorbed the magic power of Mud Bind.

The tiny damage it had received was completely healed. The excess magic power was stored away in [Storage].

Besides storing magic power this skill [Storage] was able to hold onto items, weapons and armor, so to speak it was an Item Box.

Furthermore it was possible for Clotho to store a part of its body in it to adjust the size of its own body in such manner.

“You, your power has also increased !?” (Raji)

The attacks of the whips further gained in strength. At last Raji became unable to move his body.

By now Raji was in a condition of being barely alive.

Seeing this chance, Clotho used its whips to entwine the limbs of Raji and thus sealed his movement.

It jumped up in a big way as is.

“I, I give uuuuuuuuup !!!” (Raji)

The large body crashed onto Raji.

Taking the full brunt Raji’s HP dropped to 0. Without care Clotho began to devour him … (T/N: *fufufufu*)

 

◆◇◆◇◆

 

Cashel brandished his beloved sword and casted the Grade E White magic [Auspicious(TN: >> Osupishasu <<) Luck ] 1 on himself.

This magic granted the target automatic recovery and added a weak <Luck Up>.

It was in order to increase the advantage in combat even if it was just a little. It was a popular tactic to use magic to apply strengthening to oneself.

In fact, Kelvin finished casting the Grade D Green magic [Wind Speed – Sonic Boots] on himself increasing his agility.

For adventurers having a limit on available skill points, they tended to focus on improving one skill.

Rather than obtaining a great number of Grade F skills, there also were a lot more benefits in the method of having one superior skill.

There were some people obtaining nothing but Grade F skills as well, but in reality there was a limit to how many skills you were able to possess.

That limit differed for each person, some could have 10 while others were able to have 20, too.

However, it was practically impossible to know the limit without actually testing it out.



Cashel was what the society would call a pretending prodigy considering the upper limit of the skill points he had earned.

But, he was still doing quite well as he had ranked up to Rank B.

That was the extent of his talent. However, he wasn’t able to breach the wall called Rank A.

He single-mindedly focused on leveling his [Sword Mastery] up until now, after having recently racked his brains about what to do.

Thinking about it, he might also have reached the title “Murderer” by aiming to gain vast amounts of experience.

This time he had planned to kill Gimul and Raji as well. Most likely that was the main reason for doing it.

Of course, because of Kelvin all his plans would come to nothing in the end.

“You are a monster trainer … no, a summoner, right?” (Cashel)

“… Ah, that’s right” (Kelvin)

“Hahaha, I have been an adventurer for a long time, but this is the first time I see one myself. That’s the summoning technique, huh? I see, it’s a powerful skill.” (Cashel)

Cashel nodded as if he was agreeing to something.

“If that’s the case, my level will increase some more if I defeat you, who holds this skill.” (Cashel)

“You, have you been murdering all this time for such a reason?” (Kelvin)

“It’s a cruel method, isn’t it? Killing people gives you a lot more experience than defeating monsters. And if it is a high level adventurer even more so.” (Cashel)

“You, aren’t you actually avoiding fighting those who are stronger than you?” (Kelvin)

“… What was that?” (Cashel)

The facial expression of Cashel, who was smiling up until now, became clouded.

“Didn’t you remain as a Rank D adventurer because you were scared of monsters that are stronger than you? Didn’t you only target rookie-adventurers because you were trembling in fear facing people who are stronger than you?” (Kelvin)

“D-Do-Don’t s-spout such f-fo-foolishness! For me such …” (Cashel)

“Maa, it seems you are not aware of it yourself. But I can’t accept that there are victims because of you.” (Kelvin)

Kelvin raised his wand.

“I am burning to win over those who are stronger than me. Won’t I stay a weakling forever, if I can’t do this much?” (Kelvin) 2

“Shut up! I’m not in denial! Aaaahh !!!” (Cashel)

Has he lost his cool? Cashel charged ahead with all his might.

He is trying to make up his naivety with guts.

He slipped right under Kelvin’s nose swiftly like the wind getting as close as point blank.



“Show me if you can dodge this! <Swift Sword of the Mist> 3 !” (Cashel)

Cashel used his secret skill <Swift Sword of the Mist>.

The sword disappeared and furthermore the sword assaulted Kelvin in an instant. Cashel himself switched into his [Spy] state in order to hit the target hidden next to it. At least, it was supposed to happen like this.

“Barrier … is it!?” (Cashel)

Before Cashel could swing down his sword, a huge, seriously strong barrier appeared reaching all the way to the high ceiling of the inner room.

It was the Rank C Green magic [Absolute Castle Wall of the Precipice 4 – Ground Rampart (T/N: >> Asuranpato <<)] belonging to the top-ranking defensive magic types.

As its durability exceeded a weaker castle wall, Cashel’s sword strike ended up losing all its meaning.

“This, it’s just like an earth wall!” (Cashel)

“Thanks to this wall you lost sight of me though.” (Kelvin)

“You …” (Cashel)

After Kelvin cast [Absolute Castle Wall of the Precipice – Ground Rampart], it was already too late for Cashel to come over from his side to Kelvin’s side.

While Cashel’s attention was bound to the wall in front of him, Kelvin used [Wind Speed – Sonic Boots] to boost his agility reaching a terrifying level of speed.

It wasn’t possible to perceive his movements anymore either.

“… the heck, you …” (Cashel)

Cashel eagerly turned around.

The last thing he saw was the tempest bastard sword — imitating its shape was the wand clad in surging winds.

With one swing of the sword Cashel was cut into two alongside the [Absolute Castle Wall of the Precipice – Ground Rampart].

Choosing the Grade A Green magic [Supreme Sword of the Insane Whirlwind 5 – Vortex Edge] spelled the end of the fight.

“Un, after all the sword of an amateur is no good. It looks like I have to get the [Sword Mastery] skill, huh?” (Kelvin)

That voice was the only sound left remaining.

 

 

 

Kelvin – 23 years old – male – Human – Summoner

Level: 17

Title: none

HP: 175/175

MP: 350/350 <-100 at the time Clotho is summoned, Merufina?>

STR: 38

STA: 39

AGI: 106

MATK: 172

LUK: 140

Skills:

Summoning (Grade S) Open Slots: 8

Eyes of Identification (Grade S)

Green Magic (Grade A)

Presence Perception (Grade D)

Hide (Grade B)

Courage (Grade C)

Army Commander (Grade B)

Growth rate x2

Skill points x2

Experience sharing

 

 

Translation Notes

1 No idea how to smartly spell it any other way. I split the katakana, got the spelling of the various parts and combined them again.

2 Kelvin expresses what he assesses Cashel to be thinking.

3 霞迅剣 for those wanting to know.

4 絶崖城壁 for those having a better idea.

5 狂飆の覇剣
第１３話　黒霊騎士
Chapter 13 Black Soul Knight

カシェルとの戦闘を終え、俺はクロトと合流した。
After finishing the battle with Cashel, I joined Clotho.

「クロトも無事のようだな」
“Clotho seems to be safe”

三人組の最後の一人であるギムルの倒れる場所へ進む。既にギムルは息絶えたようだ。
I advance to the place where Gimuru which is last one of group of 3 falls down to. Gimuru seemed to already cease to breathe.

「めぼしい物は…… カシェルの剣くらいか。クロト、死体を吸収してくれ。あと、ＭＰ回復薬も出してくれ」
“The valuable thing…… the sword of Cashel? Clotho, absorb the corpse. And take out also an MP recovery potion.

鑑定すると、カシェルの剣はＣ級武器“ミスリルソード”だと判った。特殊な効果はないが、攻撃力が高く結構良い剣のようだ。クロトに保管しておいてもらおう。ちなみに俺が装備している深緑の杖とマジックローブはＥ級だ。低級依頼を10回達成したところで、高級品を買える訳がないのだ。
When appraised, it has been understood, the sword of Cashel is class C weapon “[Mithril Sword]”. Though there is no special effect, the offensive power of the sword is high and considerably good. I will have Clotho keep it. By the way magic robe and cane of jade that I is equipped is class E. In the place where a low request was achieved ten times, there is no reason that can buy quality goods(TLN:doesn’t makes much sense for me).

クロトがカシェルとギムルの亡骸を吸収している間に、クロトの保管に入れていた回復薬を飲んでＭＰを回復させる。カシェルとの戦いは結果を見れば圧勝であったが、実の所それほど余裕はなかった。煽りに煽って激昂させもしたが、ステータス面で負ける部分も多く、スキルに頼った戦い方になってしまった。
While Clotho has absorbed remains of Cashel and Gimuru, MP is recovered taking the recovery potion put in Clotho’s storage. Although the fight against Cashel was overwhelming victory and if you look at the results, actually there is no room to spare. Though it fuels and it boiled to the fuel, The part defeated on the status side is many, too, It has become how that relies on the skill to fight(TLN:I don’t get this).

『カシェルに色々仰っていましたが、あなた様もそれほど強者と戦ったことありませんよね？』
“I have various things to say to Cashel, you have not fought against a strong man that much too?”

「これから戦う予定なんですよー」
“I am going to fight from now on”

そう、ここまでは前哨戦。これからが本番だ。扉の隙間から鑑定眼で確認したが、これから戦う悪霊の古城のボス・黒霊騎士は俺達よりも格上のモンスターだ。
So, even here is a skirmish. I confirmed it with appraisal from the gap of the door, after this I have to fight the old castle of evil spirit’s black soul knight – a monster that is higher rank than us.

＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝
ジェラール　138歳　男　黒霊騎士長　暗黒騎士
Gerard – 138 years old – Male – black soul knight chief – Dark knight
レベル：53
Level: 53
称号　：憂国の守護者
Title: Guardian of Patriotism
ＨＰ　：647/647
ＭＰ　：162/162
筋力(Physical Strength)　：478（+160）
耐久(Endurance)　：490（+160）
敏捷(Agility)　：163
魔力(Magic Power)　：112
幸運(Luck)　：97
スキル：忠誠（固有スキル）
Skills: Loyalty (inherent skill)
剣術（Ａ級） Fencing (Class A)
剛力（Ｂ級） Herculean strength (Class B)
鉄壁（Ｂ級） Impregnable guard (Class B)
心眼（Ｃ級） The mind’s eye (Class C)
軍団指揮（Ｂ級） Army corps command(B class)



闇属性半減 Darkness attribute reduction by half
スキルポイント (Skill points)：178
＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝

「何というか、すごく仲間にしたいな！」
“What do you say, I want to make a friend very much!”
『緊張感の欠片もありませんね』
“There is not the fragment of the feeling of strain, too”

メルフィーナのツッコミはさて置き、今回の相手はネームドモンスター。名前持ちだ。事前に調査した情報によると、ネームドモンスターは知性があり、人語を話す個体もいると言う。代表的なのはドラゴン種だ。他にも人型は高確率で話すって書いてあったっけな。
Let’s leave Tsukkomi of Merufi-na, the other party is a named monster. It is name durability(TLN: Gerard?). According to the information that I investigated beforehand, named monsters are intelligent, it is said that there is an individual that speaks the human speech, too. The typical one is the dragon kind. It is also written that humanoids have high probability to speak.

『知性あるモンスターとの契約は一筋縄ではありません。弱らせるだけでなく、あなた様を認めさせなければなりません』
“Contract with the intelligent monster is not tricky. Only not weakening, but also recognize you”

認めさせる、か。一概に戦って勝利だけでは済みそうにないな。
I need to be recognized? A war does not seem to get off only with victory unconditionally(TLN: even if he won by any means, something like that).

『調教師にも言えることですが、レベルの低いモンスターを育て、進化させるのが一般的です。いきなりボスを配下にしようとする者はいません』
“It is normal to trainers to raise low-ranked monster. Suddenly trying to make a boss into a subordinate.”
「クロトをブルースライムから進化させるのと同じか」
“Is it the same as evolve Clotho from the blue slime?”
『クロトの進化は異例なのですが…… その認識でよろしいかと』
“The evolution of Clotho is exceptional … … Is it all right by the recognition?”



「まあ、無理かどうかはやってみないと分からんよ」
“Well, we won’t know wether if it will work if we don’t try”
クロトに向き直る。
I turn toward Clotho.

「クロト、黒霊騎士は俺にとって、お前にとっても初めての強敵だ。出し惜しみはするな」
“Clotho, the black soul knight for me, is the first powerful enemy for you. Do not be stingy.” (TLN: sounds like don’t hold back or something)

俺とクロトに強化魔法を重ね掛けする。俺の魔力の高さなら暫くは効果が続くだろう。それが終われば準備万端だ。クロトを背後に控えさせ、大扉を開いていく。黒霊騎士は先程と全く同じ装いだ。漆黒の大剣を地面に突き刺し、後方にある王座を護る様に仁王立ち。揺らがないその様は、モンスターではなく本物の騎士のようだ。
I piled up reinforcement magic to me and Clotho. With my high level of magical power the effect might last a little bit longer. If it is over; completely. I let Clotho wait in the rear and open the large door. Black soul knight’s attire is exactly the same as earlier. A large sword of the jet black is thrust into ground, and in imposing stance as protecting the throne at the back(I didn’t get this part). The state not to shake is like the genuine knight not a monster.

黒霊騎士を見据えながら、王座へとゆっくりと歩いて行く。ちょうど部屋の半ばまで来た辺りで、渋い声が響いた。
I walk to throne slowly while staring on the black soul knight. In the area where I came to until the middle of the room, a quiet voice just sounded.

「何用だ」
“State your business” (TLN: more of “why are you here?”)

意外にもダンディーな声で少し驚いた。胆力のスキルがなければ顔に出ていたかもしれない。
I was surprised at an unexpectedly dandy voice a little. It might be reflected on a face without my skill of the courage.

「やっと喋ってくれたか。ここまで歩いてくるまで微動だにしないから心配したぞ」
“Did you finally talk? I was worried because you didn’t moved until I walked”
「いらぬ世話だ。城の最奥までやって来て迷子ということはあるまい、何用だ」
“Unnecessary care. A lost child came in the deepest part of the castle, state your business”
「お前を討伐に…… ってのが最初の目的だったんだが、気が変わったんだ。俺は召喚士のケルヴィン、お前と契約したい」
“For your subjugation… is what supposed to be my purpose but I changed my mind. I am summoner Kelvin, want to make contract with you.”

黒霊騎士が一瞬固まる。
The black soul knight hardens for an instant. (TLN: stiffen?)

「……貴様が我と契約、従わせるというのか」
“…you bastard want me to have contract with and follow you?”
「そうだ」
“It is so. ”
「ク……」
“Ku…”

あ、やべ。黒霊騎士が体を小刻みに震わせている。怒らせてしまったか？
Ah, yabe. The black soul knight shakes a body little by little. Have I angered him?

「ク、ククク……　ガァーハッハッハッハ！！」
“Ku, Kukuku……　 Gaa;-hahhahhahha.!”

突然、黒霊騎士はそれまでのイメージと一変して、これまで溜めん込んでいたものを全て吐き出すかのように笑い出した。当然、内心俺はポカンとしている。
Suddenly, The black soul knight changed completely with a previous image and burst into laughter as if I discharged all the crowded things not to save until now. Naturally I am dumbfounded in my mind.

「止めだ止めた、こんな堅苦しい話し方。それにしても小僧、これだけワシが殺気を向けていたというのに、平気な面をしよってからに！ 更には契約しろだと、面白すぎるぞ貴様！」
“Stop, stop it, such a formal speech. However boy/youngster, even though too much bloodlust was directed to you, you remained calm! You want to form a contract, you’re really interesting.”

ビシっと指を差すな指を。誇り高い騎士のイメージは最早吹き飛んでしまった。
In a finger snap. The proud knight’s image vanished.

How did this happen? Now I’m sitting in front of the Black Soul Knight, having a friendly conversation. Even though I’m saying friendly chat, the Black Soul Knight is the only one talking.

 

“ As a matter of fact my ego as a monster was born just recently. well what, I originally used to serve the country as a Chief knight , In short I used to be a human. why is that i became a monster ? well , I wonder why , I do not understand it as well but maybe because of the lingering regrets in this world! what kind of regret i do not know as well! Anyhow from that moment i was protecting this castle. Nevertheless , That slime is unusual , what kind of race is that from ? no no , If it’s a secret there is no need to force yourself to speak . Everyone has one or two secrets , By the way want to eat candy? ”

{TLN :- I wanna beat this author now =.=”}

 

In such mood conversation continued. Completely like a pleasant uncle in the neighbourhood. Oi, When is this candy from, it’s melting and swollen!

 

“ Please do not eat while saying so ”

“ Ehh… Are you really going to eat that? even i back down ”

“ yosh , I will leave some for you ”

{TLN :- These lines are hard to TL and distinguish T_T}

 

I am somewhat tired……The only serious one was kroto , While remaining vigilant of black soul knight , waiting across me

 

“ That slime is eating the candy like it is nothing. What a great fellow.”

 

“ Just as i was thinking that it was absorbing the candy from while ago. Kroto , you too?

 

“ Master, talk about contract, talk about contract ”

 

“ Ah, yes it was. So, Will you contract with me?”

 

I ask black soul knight over again, who was watching kroto sullenly.

 

“ Oh , yes such was the talk about. Recently there were numerous who would attack me immediately as the saw me . Boy you were the first one willing to comply for conversation . My tension will very well rise and conversation would also stray.”

{TLN:- it’s actually not stray it’s bouncing or springing but tell me if you prefer original rather than stray}

“ The only one straying is you….. ”

“ It’s not you. It’s Gerard ”

“ Even I’m not a boy but Kelvin. The naming…… No, which ever it maybe it’s a talk, after we make a contract ”

 

Gerard Unexpecdetly got up and turned towards the throne behind



 

“ Contract? The King whom I served, and the country too, are not anymore in this age. As for serving a new master, I am not reluctant but….. ”

 

“In the story, this castle was continuously being protected . Why?”

 

The Cheerful atmosphere some time ago in a beat transformed, The place felt like it became gloomy .

 

“ The name of the perished country that i served is [Arukaru] .Though it was not big, farming made the country prosperous. The king too disliked disputes, Even if there was a war in a distant place we would always try to through by being neutral .”

 

This world has two continents the east and the west, the town of Perth that we made as our base is located at the center of the continent in the east. The castle of the evil spirit is in it’s vicinity.

 

“ As for my position , I acted as the chief of the knight order of the countryside. Even if it was a peaceful country, monsters naturally appeared. Subduing them was naturally my primary duty. we were trained to be by no means inferior to other knight orders. By any chance, In a situation where war occurred we would always be prepared.”

 

Gerard tightly clenched the black sword.

 

“At a certain day. A traveler from the west continent visited [Arukaru]. However, his true identity was a general of the empire. The name was [Jirudora]. The man who dispersed disease of death in [Arukaru].”



“ Disease of death? ”

“ The details are unknown but , Once caught your life force will gradually be lost , A terrifying Arbitrary disease that led to death in single night . The disease spread in [Arukaru] like an epidemic, the country was isolated by other countries in a few days. After several days have passed since Jirudora visited [Arukaru] at one late night , there was a person that happened to see him in the town. Probably ,That was that time he did something. ”

 

“ Wait wait, with just that why are you certain that jirudora was the one that did it? In the first place , How did they knew ? He was the general of the empire.”

 

“On the day before the disease spread, Jirudora visited this castle. From where he entered is not known . The fellow showed up suddenly in front of the king. And said this . Cooperate to overthrow the Divine Empire [Deramisu] , otherwise [Arukaru] will not have any future…..too ”

 

“ Divine Empire [Deramisu]. If I’m not mistaken it is the country where Merufina reincarnated the Hero. ”

 

“ Naturally, the king refuses…… Following rest was what i spoke earlier ”

 

Though I could not see the face across armor but , The Anger that gerard was transmitting was unbearable to say .

 

“ This is about the regret that I left in this world , to say that I don’t know is a lie. My regret is to avenge this country , If  I can clear myself from these regrets, I will become your subordinate with pleasure. ”

 

Is that your condition of approving me ? No, Wait a minute….

 

“ Wait, Gerard had died decades ago, right? As we look the state of the castle it is at least 100 years old level. Then that fellow Jirudora of the empire should not he have died of old age already ? ”

“ The fellow is an elf. The life of the elf exceeds 500 years. That bastard is not someone who would just die in only 100 years. ”

“ Elf ? Though I have not met one yet, Then that is your condition right ?.”

“ I hear that the summoning art strengthens subordinates. It is an ideal opportunity for revenge. However, I want you to show your ability.”

“ Well , it finally comes down to that.”

 

At last it typically comes down to fight and showcase your abilities .Very well, I Originally came here with that intention.

 

“ If you cannot even win against me , By no means you can oppose the empire. Without any ability, you will only be cut down by me……!”

 

Me and Gerard both mutually step backwards .

 

“ Good, I accept . Give me your all, otherwise there is no meaning! ”
Black Summoner – Chapter 15[draft]
第１５話　烈火
15 – Raging Fire

後方に引き、すぐさまクロトに意思疎通で指示を出す。
I pull backward,  and immediately gave instructions to Clotho.

「騎士なら後ろに下がるより、前に出たほうが良かったじゃないか？」
「ふん、あの位置からの戦闘ではお主が不利であろう？」
「そりゃ、どうも！」
“Rather than to fall behind the knight, better to go in front is better?”
“Fun, will master be in disadvantage in that position?”
“That is, thank you!”

風刃ウィンドの散弾型魔法である烈風刃ショットウィンドを牽制として放つ。点ではなく、面での攻撃魔法、威力はともかく回避は難しい。
I used wind blade shot a wind-type magic as feint attack. No point, on surface is attack magic, evasion is difficult aside from the power.
(TLN: close but still wrong, need translation checker here)

分裂し、数十の風の刃となった烈風刃ショットウィンドがジェラールに迫るが、ジェラールは大剣を横薙ぎに払い、風を弾け飛ばす。軌道を反らされた風は天井・壁・地面と至る所を切り裂く。
It split, the violent wind blade shot wind that became the blade of dozens of wind approaches Gerard, Gerard swing the sword to brush it off, to pop off the wind. The winds that was bent cuts ceiling, wall, ground,  and everywhere.

クロトはその隙を付き、ジェラールの斜め後方から４本の鞭を叩きつける。ラジが手も足も出せず、更にはケルヴィンの風脚ソニックブーツによる敏捷ブーストまでも付いた攻撃だ。
Clotho took that gap, Gerard tilted backwards because of merely 4 whip-attacks thrown.

「ぬん！」
「なにっ！？」
“Comin!”
“What!?”

俺は驚愕する。ジェラールはその鋭敏な攻撃の２本を受けきり、残りを左手で掴み、右足で踏み潰したのだ。クロトの筋力ではジェラールに対抗できず、拘束されてしまう。
I was amazed. Gerard is caught those 2 sharp attacks, the remaining caught by his left hand, then crushed by his right foot. Clotho’s strength can’t oppose Gerard.

こいつ、後ろにも目があるのか！？
This guy, does he have eyes behind too!?

『ジェラールは心眼のスキルを所持します。瞬間的な状況判断に補正がかかっているとお考えください』
“Gerard possesses the skill of the mind’s eye. Please think that a momentary situation assessment is corrected.”

生半可な攻撃では無意味か。厄介だな。しかし、このままではクロトが危険だ。クロト、奴との間に絶崖城壁アースランパートを出すぞ！
So half-ass attacks are meaningless? This is troublesome/What a pain in the ass. However, Clotho is in danger. I created a cliff castle wall Earth Rampart between Clotho and this guy.

意思疎通した直後に、クロトの目の前に絶崖城壁アースランパートを出現させる。拘束されたクロトの鞭は壁に分断されてしまうが、クロト本体のコアが無事であれば問題ない。そして―――
Immediately after communicating, a cliff castle wall Earth Rampart appeared before Clotho. The restricting whip of Clotho was divided by the wall, it is fine if the core of the main body of Clotho is safe. And—

よし、やれ！
Good, do it!

ジェラールの左手と右足に残ったクロトの体が再び動き出し、纏わり付く。一瞬、赤い光がジェラール
を包み込み、爆発した。ラジを倒したことでレベルアップしたクロトが取得したスキル『分裂』。体の一部を切り離し、己の分身として操作することができるのだ。切り離したクロトの分身は、保管に貯蔵していた魔力の一部をエネルギーに爆発を引き起こす。要は自爆だ。
The  remaining body parts of Clotho in Gerard’s left hand and right foot starts to move again, and wrapped around. In an instant, a red light wraps Gerard, and exploded. The skill acquired after the extraordinary level up of Clotho by defeating Raji is [Division]. The small parts of the body that got separated, it is possible to operate it as an one’s double by yourself. The detached double of Clotho, has stored a small portion of magical power that caused the explosion. In short, self-destruction.
(TLN: took me lot of time to translate this…)

「……そのスライム、随分と多芸じゃな。掴んでいた際も随時ワシの魔力を吸い取っておった。そしてこの自爆、近づき難いのう」
“….that slime, surprising and versatile isn’t it? When I was also grabbed, my magical energy was sucked occasionally. And now this self-destruct, it is unapproachable.”
(TLN: then he’s still alive?)

ジェラールは悪態をつくが、その素顔の見えない表情はどこか嬉しそうに見える。漆黒の篭手はクロトの爆発の威力で少々歪になったが、まだ剣を振るには影響はない程度だ。
Though Gerard curses, that honest facial expression looks delighted. Though the jet black gauntlet was distorted a little from the power of Clotho’s explotion, it’s still a degree is not affected in shake the sword.
(TLN: my hardships(to translate that) is useless)

「どれ、面白いもんを見せてくれた礼だ。ワシも剣技を披露するとしよう」



“Which, interesting that requires to show a bow of gratitude. I also have to demonstrate my sword skills.”
(TLN: uh-oh!)
大剣を上段に構えたジェラールは俺に向って振り下ろす。
The large sword from overhead position of Gerard who took a stance was swing down towards me.

おいおい、あの身の丈程もある大剣の剣筋が見えなかったぞ……！
Oi oi, that body-length as well as large sword’s sword-talent can be seen….!
(TLN: sure this is wrong but maybe it is quite closer, need help!)

『全力で横にお跳びください！』
“Please jump sideways with all your power!”

これまでに無いほど焦ったメルフィーナの声を聞き、俺は即座に横に跳躍する。跳んだ直後、ズドンッ、と鋭い音が鳴り響いた。
The voice of Melfina that non-existent until now was heard in a hurry, I jumped sideways immediately. Soon after jumping, ZUDON(sfx), and a sharp sound reverberated.

「マジかよ……！」
“Are you SERIOUS?……!”

それまで俺が立っていた場所が真っ二つに斬られたのだ。ジェラールの奴、斬撃を飛ばしてきやがった！
The place I was standing before was cut in two. This Gerard guy, hurling attack!
(TLN: need help here too)

「―――！！！ 初見で空顎アギトを避けるとはな、楽しませてくれる！」
「不可視でこの速さか、悪い冗談だ」
“Avoiding Agito at point blank at first sight, I was delighted.”
“Is this invisibility is because of the speed?”

メルフィーナの咄嗟の助言で助かったが、あのまま動かなければ俺もあの地面と同じようになっていただろう。すまない、メルフィーナ。
Melfina’s sudden suggestion saved me, I would end up just like that ground if it didn’t worked. Sorry, Melfina.



ジェラールが次の手を打つ前に、地表亀裂クレフトカズムを唱える。床がジェラールの足元を中心に亀裂が走り、次の瞬間大地が裂け、崩れていく。流石のジェラールも、大地が変動すれば体勢を崩す。されど、その兜の隙間から覗かせる鋭い眼光はケルヴィンを捉えている。
Before Gerard takes his next step, the ground surface crack “kurefutokazumu”(TLN: WTF is this?) was chanted. The floor under Gerard’s feet have cracks run, in the next moment the ground should burst open, go collapse. Even Gerard also, the change in the ground destroyed his stance. However, that crack in the helmet showed a sharp gaze that caught Kelvin.

体勢を崩しながらも、ジェラールは見えない斬撃を再び放つ。ケルヴィンではなく、壁の奥にいるであろうクロトに向けて。
Though the stance was destroyed, Gerard looks like did do an slashing attack again. Rather than Kelvin, it is aiming at Clotho who is inside the wall.

チッ、あの不安定な足場でも御構い無しかよ。
Tch, that unstable foothold was disregarded too.

絶崖城壁アースランパートをもろともせず、斬撃は壁を通過し、奥の壁まで達した。
The cliff wall earth rampart became brittle, a slashing attack passed through the wall, the interior of the wall was reached.

「ぬっ、スライムの姿がないだと！？」
“Nuh, the figure of the slime can’t be seen here!?”

その言葉を発すると同時に、崩れた地表から突如剣が現れ、ジェラールの腹部目掛けて刺突が放たれる。その剣はカシェルの愛剣であったミスリルソードであった。スライムの軟体で裂けた地面を突き進んだクロトが保管から取り出し放ったのだ。
At the same time as the words were uttered, a sword appeared suddenly from the collapsed ground surface, Gerard’s abdomen was hit by a thrust. That sword was used to be Cashel’s beloved mythril sword. The charging Clotho burst out from the ground who took it out and hit.

「ぐ……」
“Guh…..”

心眼持ちのジェラールも、視覚外かつ予想外であるこの攻撃には対応できずに負傷してしまう。更に、クロトは体の密度を集中させ硬質化した３本の槍の腕を撃ち放つ。
Even Gerard possess the mind’s eye, cannot react to the unexpected attack that wounded him. Furthermore, Clotho’s body density was concentrated to harden on the 3 arms that were shot.

ジェラールはこれを剣で応戦、神速の如き剣速で全てを打ち払われ、攻撃した筈のクロトが逆にダメージを負ってしまう。
Gerard fought back with his sword, with great speed of his sword rapidly repel, the owed damage to Clotho were paid back.

本当に凄いな。
Really amazing.

ケルヴィンは率直にそう思う。裏をかき、奇襲し、隙を突く。そのどれもが対応されている。
Kelvin think frankly so. To outwit, it made a surprise attack,  then pierced the gap. It can deal with anything.

だが―――
However—-

「これで詰みだ！」
“This is checkmate!”

無理な体勢で迎撃を行ったジェラールは今、完全に無防備な状態。残りの魔力全てを込め、重風圧エアプレッシャーを発動させる。
Gerard who intercepted it by an impossible body pose is now, is completely defenseless. All the remaining magic power were gathered, the heavy wind pressure was invoked.

「―――！？」
“….!?” (TLN: this part took me a while to translate :v)

垂直に落とされる空気の重圧により、ジェラールの体には何十倍もの負荷がかけられ、思うように動くことができない。ましてや、腹にミスリルソードが刺さったままの状態だ。クロトの追撃をいなしただけでも賞賛に値するだろう。
The pressure of the air dropped vertically, the load on Gerard’s body was multiplied by dozens of times, it is not possible to move as expected. Much more, it is a situation that a mithril sword was stuck in his belly. Though he deserves praise from parrying/dodging Clotho’s pursuit.

クロト、保管に回した全魔力でぶっ放せ！
Clotho, fire all the magic power you have in your storage.

クロトは地面の中で体を変化させる。その形姿はさながら口を大きく開いたドラゴンのよう。そして、クロトの持つ最大の技を放出する。
Clotho’s body change in the ground. The figure is like the dragon which, as it were, greatly opened the mouth. Thus, the biggest skill that Clotho is holding was released.

―――超魔縮光束モータリティビーム。
—Super magic shrinking beam mortality beam.
(TLN: reeks of chuni. made me cringe while translating this)

開口部から放たれたそれは、ジェラールを貫き、古城を破壊し、空の彼方へと消えていった。
It is fired-off from the opening, goes through Gerard, the old castle was destroyed, disappeared beyond the void.
Chapter 111 The match will be the day after tomorrow
Kelvin’s House / Guest Room

“I’m really sorry. My body reacted because I was suddenly attacked.”

“Ah, don’t worry… Goldiana-san.”

“You can feel free to call me Prettya-chan.”

“Well, I’ll do my best.”

On the sofa in the guest room, I faced a woman (?) She called herself an S-class adventurer. For some reason, the curly blonde-haired girl, the muscular Prettya, was attacked by the golems guarding the mansion when she was heading towards the house. Then she splendidly retaliated under the guise of self-defense. No, it’s bad that my golems misidentified her but, I can’t scold the half-destroyed golems because I’m confident that they’ll be ready for war when it approaches.

“Prettya chan was worried about Sara so she also ran with us. For some reason, the gatekeeper golems reacted…”

“I’m glad that Rion stopped on the way. Efil and Mel were about to get serious.”

It was hard to stop Efil who tried to shoot the fire God’s bow from the balcony, and Melfina, who was trying to intercept her with her spear. If Rion hadn’t broken in, it would have been worse by now. The garden could have collapsed easily.

“I’m sorry…”

“Ara, what did I do?”

I look at Efil and Melfina standing behind me. Efil was good, but the smiling Melfina definitely did it on purpose.

“Hmm… Sara-chan, there are many rivals.”

“What are you talking about?”

“Eh, don’t worry about that! Even so, Kelvin is a little different from what I imagined from Rion’s description, but … I can’t do it at all!”

“What are you talking about!?”

Hey Gerard, don’t step back from there! I’m worried!

“By the way, Kel-ni, is Sara-ne all right?”

“Oh yeah, I couldn’t help but be bothered!”

Rion and Prettya leaned forward and asked. In contrast with the cute Rion, I wanted to keep a little distance from the approaching Prettya-chan’s dark face… I was grateful that you’re worried about Sara.

” Now Ellie, our maid, is taking care of her. Please rest assured that she can use simple white magic. Now she is resting and calm.”

“Oh, that’s right. It is good …”

“Yes, I was relieved!”

Two people of different heights leaned on the sofa. I was so worried.

“Oh yeah, Rion, Alex is about to evolve. Why don’t you see it because it’s curled up in the living room?”

“Really!? I’m going for a while!”

“Don’t run in the mansion.”



“Hey, I know.”

You were about to start running.

Rion jumped off the sofa, opened the door to the hallway, and headed towards Alex. Along the way, she would have had a telepathic conversation with Alex, but she would like to witness the evolution of his buddy in person. Let’s leave Alex to Rion.

“Goldiana-san, although it’s a bit late, thank you for your helping Sara and the others.”

“No, I am the one who wants to thank you! Thanks to Sara-chan, the threat of the new dungeon has been largely eliminated, and now the guild should be disseminating information to other adventurers. And Kelvin-chan, you don’t have to behave like a stranger. It’s not your relationship with me!”

When did we get along like that? It’s good to interact with S-class adventurers, but in some other way, it’s dangerous. Gerard doesn’t go one step further.

“Then, let’s be spoiled by your words. By the way, are you my opponent on the mock battle the day after tomorrow Prettya?”

“Oh, are you worried about it? Rion-chan asked me the same question. I wonder if you are siblings.”

Well, I am curious. I’ve only met an S-class adventurer like the Beast King in Gown. Above all, it was worth the fight.
“Yeah. I’ll teach you the forms of the mock battle. First, Kelvin’s opponent is Sylvia the “Ice Princess” who was promoted to S class last year. She’s a very beautiful girl with silver hair. Well, that’s unrelated to Kelvin chan…”

Prettya saw alternating between Efil and Melfina. I better won’t look at them too much.

“Is the Ice Princess a blue wizard?”

“I haven’t seen the actual fighting, either. Normally, the guild decided two names through the mock battle during promotion, Sylvia didn’t have that. Maybe, Guild chief Rio may know that. “



“No, it’s each other who doesn’t know the other person’s information, right? Then I’ll check it out at the game.”

“Oh, brave.”

Besides, I didn’t know what would be required later if I asked Rio. Let’s save Sylvia’s ability for the enjoyment of the battle.

“Great people from all over the world will come to the mock battle. If you come into their view, you may be scouted, but there are almost no adventurers who actually receive it. As a guild, it’s completely up to the adventurer’s intention. Mm”

“I don’t feel like serving a country either. I’m telling Rio that too.”

“In that case, the guild should handle it. Details of the invitation information will be sent from the guild later, so please check at that time.”

I am thankful that the invitation will be handed to the Adventurer’s Guild. It is troublesome to refuse one by one. However, in this situation where Trisen’s movement is becoming active, is it okay for such people to gather in Parse? Moreover, the information is well transmitted in such a short time.

“The rest is the format of the match. One of the great ones is the shrine maiden of Delamis, Colette, do you know her?”

“Oh, I know her.”

To the extent that the shrine maiden explored the dungeon with the summoned heroes.

“If so, the story is quick. Colette will set up a special barrier at the venue and the match will be held in it. Collette will apply her magic in both, Kelvin and Sylvia. Only once. However, it seems to be a magic that eliminates the damage that leads to death. Therefore, you can freely use the equipment that you normally used in battle. When that magic is activated, the game is over, and there will be applause.”

“Saying so it’s easy, but isn’t that really an amazing magic? I mean, the shrine maiden has a lot of work to do.”

“Actually, She’ll be exhausted for the recovery medicine on that day. I think there will be a reward for that.”

Elimination of deadly damage… It’s like Melfina’s blessing. Certainly, was this blessing also given to the shrine maiden of Delamis? Did she modify it as original magic?

[It’s a magic that is said to be a secret technique that has been passed down to successive generations of shrine maidens. It’s been used that way for the last 300 years, so it’s no longer a secret technique…]

Yeah. To use it in a game means that you can see it with an appraisal eye. I wonder if I will develop magic later based on that.

“The explanation is like this. Is there anything you don’t understand?”

“No, I understand most of the time. It was saved, Prettya.”

“Huh! Don’t turn that smile on me! You have an appointment with Sara-chan! And I have Uncle Gerard …!”

The muscles were writhing while hugging themselves. When I saw Gerard, he was retreating to the wall before I knew it.

[Gerard, you…]

[No, don’t get me wrong. This one still misses his wife.]

Were you married, Gerard?

“No, I can’t stand it anymore… I’m gonna let you have some free time. Oh, you don’t have to worry about staying. The guild arranged accommodations first. It should be. “

“Oh, that’s right. I’m sorry.”

Relieved from the bottom of my heart, I see Prettya off. By the way, the game is approaching the day after tomorrow. There is no early battle with S-class adventurers, but I want to practice as much as possible.

“Now, Sara is first.”

I spoke to Efil and went to Sara’s room.
Chapter 112: The Birth of a King
Kelvin’s house, Sara’s private room

“Yes……”

“Did you notice?”

Sara’s care continued casting white magic for several hours. The time was 2 o’clock in the middle of the night, and the city was already asleep.

“That …? Kelvin, why are you here? I’m not in the dungeon…?”

Sara still felt half asleep.

“I recalled you from the place where you fell in the dungeon and re-summoned you. You can thank Rion and the others later. Everyone was very worried.”

“I see. I suddenly felt sick, and my vision turned black … I don’t remember from there. I fell down.”

It seems she can’t remember.

“Oh, but rest assured that you have evolved perfectly.”

“It’s a relief if you said it… Well, what is that evolution?”

What is it? haven’t you awakened yet? No, from her words, she doesn’t seem to know that she was in the middle of an evolution. It can’t be helped.

“Sara collapsed due to evolution. So, the evolution has just completed. But it seems that your appearance has not changed at all. Check your status.”

“Eh……”

It seems that you haven’t fully understood it yet, but you can see it by looking at your status. I suppose I’ll also check it again with an appraisal eye.

Sara, 21-year-old woman, Demon Blood King, Curse Fist

Level: 108

Title: God-killing fist

HP: 2605/2605 (+100)

MP: 2746/2746 (+100)

Strength: 1317 (+100)

Endurance: 1179 (+100)

Agility: 1240 (+100)

Magical power: 1423 (+100)

Good luck: 1585 (+160) (+100)

Skill: Bloodstain (unique skill)

Blood manipulation (unique skill)

Martial arts (S class)

Black magic (class A)

Fly (B class)

Sign detection (class A)

Danger detection (A-class)

Magic detection (A-class)

Concealment detection (A-class)

Dance (B class)

Performance (class B)

Gorgeous luck (B class)

Auxiliary effect: Blessing of the Demon King

Summoning / magical power supply (S class)

=====================================

The status has risen across the board and is now comparable to Melfina. She also learned new unique skills. This “blood manipulation” by the name, is it a skill to manipulate blood? It seems that it can be applied in various ways by combining it with “Blood stain”, which has been activated only passively until now.

“This is my power …?”

“It’s definitely Sara’s power. I think you’ve accumulated skill points, so don’t forget to allocate them. And…”



I faced Sara, who raised her upper body, and stared at her eyes.

“I heard from Rion and the others that it was Sara’s idea to defeat an S-class monster for me. It was a mess.”

I wanted you to invite me if possible. Did it backfire that the training ground was banned from entering and exiting?

“Well, maybe because I was free, or because I was procuring food… Anyway, I didn’t do it for Kelvin!”

Is she a tsundere? She’s cute so I am fine.

“Still, thank you”

“Ah, ah…”

As I looked, Sara’s face turned red and began to pour steam out from her head.

“No more! I’m okay, so Kelvin, get out!”

“Yes, yes, then I’m going to leave.”
Sara flapped her arms like a spoiled child. I didn’t mean to tease her. Well, it would be hard if she threw things out. I was prepared to stay up all night, but if Sara says so, I will sleep too.

“I’m not in a good shape yet, so I’m going to sleep now. Then Sara, good night.”

“Hmm! … Good night”

She returned the ‘good night’ when I turned my face away. I wish she’’ be in a good mood in the morning.

“Waaaa, I feel drowsy at once… I’ll sleep quickly.”

I came back to my private room and collapsed on my bed where Melfina was sleeping. Ah, when I think about it, I was in nursing care from that hell training. That makes me tired. While thinking about it, my consciousness sank.

~~~~~~~~~

Kelvin’s House / Dining room

I had Efil wake me up as usual. Ton, ton, I heard a kitchen knife from the kitchen next door, while reading the latest request list issued by Angie at the dining room, and suddenly the door opened abruptly.

“I made you wait, everyone! I am completely – fully – restored – and – alive!”

“Oh, you get up early today.”



“Oh, only Kelvin and Efil?”

Normally, it was time for Sara to be still asleep. Not to mention Melfina, Rion was still sleeping. Efil was preparing breakfast in the kitchen, and Elie was watering the garden.

“Gerard went for a morning walk with Lucas. Everyone else is still sleeping or working.”

“Eh … I thought it was my new unveiling, so I got up early.”

“You look the same, though.”

“That’s not the case! The horns and wings have become a little cooler!”

I don’t know because I didn’t remove her hair clip. However, unlike yesterday, today is the usual Sara. She fixed her mood. It is good.

“Waa… Good morning …”

Rion came into the dining room, rubbing her sleepy eyes. The evolved Alex also followed Rion.

“Oh, Rion. You’re fast!”

“Sara Hey! You’re feeling better!”

After a brief stop, Rion, now conscious, jumps into Sara’s chest. I envy you, it’s a smiley sight.

“Thanks to you. Thank you for worrying about me, Rion. Alex too…”

Sara tried to see Alex. Should I put Alex’s status on her network? Sara, you should be able to see him with this.

=====================================
Alex 3-year-old male Abyssal Great Black Wolf

Level: 92
Title: Hero’s companion
HP: 1637/1637 (+100)
MP: 560/560 (+100)
Strength: 1154 (+320) (+100)
Endurance: 712 (+100)
Agility: 889 (+100)
Magical power: 556 (+100)
Good luck: 498 (+100)
Skill: Shadow movement (unique skill)
Crawling (unique skills)
Swordsmanship (S class)
Light (S class)
Sense of smell (class A)
Hide (A-class)
Concealment detection (class B)
Toughness (A-class)
Auxiliary effect: Summoning / Magic supply (S class)

=====================================

“Alex has grown too …”

“Gau”

Alex has evolved into an Abyssal Great Black Wolf (Frosvitnil). As with the status, the size of its body is very different. When sitting, its head is close to the ceiling. It’s a level of looking up in respect. It’s barely possible to go through the door of the mansion. Like this, the size of the equipment may not fit unless I make a weapon like Gerard’s sword.

“Yeah! And he got really strong. I couldn’t stand it last night and had a special training at the training ground.”

Rion’s story about Alex continued. Sara had a delicate expression, “That? You were worried, right?”

“Sara, you evolved safely, right? It feels like your atmosphere has become dignified.”

“Indeed!? After all, Rion is different. Kelvin said that my appearance did not change. It’s really rude! Well, actually, this horn part…”

Still, Rion turning around the situation was frightening. Maybe Sara is just simple.

“Oh, that’s right. Kelvin!”

“Hmm?”

“Yesterday, that … you took care of me! I’m grateful!”

Turning away she threw words of gratitude.

” I’d be happier if you could make eye contact and tell me.”

“I can’t do it now!”

It was refreshingly declared.
Chapter 113: The Power of Reincarnation
Kelvin’s House / Living Room

The day before the mock battle, after finishing the last training, I couldn’t even walk anymore. It was a hassle to sweat in the bath, so I asked Efil to wipe my body lightly and collapsed like last night. I didn’t feel like returning to my room, so the place was the sofa in the living room.

“I wonder if you can think of a better way. I’m afraid I’ll die if this continues every day?”

“This is the most efficient way. If anyone is at risk of losing his life, he will grow beyond their limits.”

“Are you really an angel?”

Today’s training was harder than yesterday. I avoided Melfina’s onslaught while casting Death wind Sickle, and accurately counteracting Melfina’s magic that was unleashed with the scythe. If I didn’t pay attention to my feet, the restraint of ice cast by blue magic will creep up, and Efil’s arrow fired from a distance. What’s more, a serious arrow, the ‘Pyro hydra’ of eight heads would be released without any adjustment, I didn’t think I was able to put it out. However, when I cared only about Efil, Melfina set up a hand. Parallel thinking was also busy.

[If you shoot, shoot seriously. A slight injury can be cured with Mel’s or my magic.]

I want to hit myself half a day ago when I said such a stupid thing. Thanks to that, my whole body is full of burns and frostbite. This is what it means to earn my own money! Well, I cured myself!

“So, I think we use carrots and sticks properly in this way. Hmm… Yes, next is the left ear.”

“I’m convinced, I shouldn’t…”

If the training of hell is a whip, this situation now is probably candy. I’m now having my ears picked on Melfina’s lap. Her ear-picking technic is not as good as Efil’s, but it is strangely vexing that I calmed down.

“Have you been healed a little?”

“Well, yeah.”

“Excellent.”

Maybe I’m afraid I’ll forgive this.

“Even so, I was surprised by Sara.”

“Hmm? Oh, it’s about the evolution. I didn’t think it would be that strong.”

“No, it’s about the monster she defeated in the dungeon.”

Monster? Is the white wolf that was served at lunch today? Certainly, when it was taken out of Clotho’s storage, I was surprised at that big size. And it was delicious, so much that my cheeks fell.

“That was one of the pillars that my predecessor, God, created all over the world, but I never thought she would defeat it…”

“Isn’t it bad that if you defeat that type of guy?”

The direction is different from what I thought.

“Did it taste good? I enjoyed it.”

“Is the character different, or is it a problem to eat?”

“It’s okay. It seems that my predecessor was dismissed because he wasn’t good at the god pillar, and the god pillar itself has almost lost its function on my time. So, it would be more beneficial to feed your experience. This time, Sara probably touched the god pillars. The role of the god pillars on the surface is to exterminate demons and demon kings in an emergency. “

“That’s why the pillar reacted. So, what did your predecessor try to do? Did he try to destroy the world?”

“Well, why? Hmm … Yes, I finish it.”

She evaded the question. I raised my head from Melfina’s lap and sit back on the couch.

“Does it have something to do with your last story? You see, you said that.”

It was a conversation before starting training with Melfina yesterday. At that time, it was a rare but serious atmosphere.



[The man you fought the other day, Clive, did he really call himself a reincarnator?]

“I told you that Clive did say that at that time. You were surprised the moment you heard my words.”

“That kind of thing is—“

“I have been with you for months. I rarely see Mel’s surprised expression, so I knew right away.”

“You’re really sensitive to this, even though you’re missing something.”

Melfina laughed bitterly.

“I didn’t want to tell you about the circumstances of the gods as much as possible.”

“I want to hear if possible.”

You can’t sleep like this.

“Oh, it can’t be helped. I explained the difference between summoning a different world person and summoning a reincarnated person before.”

“Oh, I heard it before reincarnating and summoning Rion. What happened?”

“In addition to the regular summoning using divine protection like Collet, there are rare cases where a other-worlder gets lost in this world. If you compare it to your world style, you can express it as spirited away. Is it okay? There are various causes, such as accidents or coincidence. Most of the foreigners living in this world are lost due to the latter. “

Certainly, the number of shrine maidens that can summon is too small for the recognition of different worlds. Will Tsubaki-sama’s ancestors of Trage be like that?

“But there are no exceptions to the reincarnation summoning, which are always done through the reincarnation god, because in fact I was working through my subordinates during Rion’s summoning.”

“Isn’t Mel involved in the reincarnation of Clive?”



“No, I am not.”

“Then, the predecessor who was released from that role used his power.”

“My predecessor has lost power, and above all, he has already disappeared. In addition, I am the only one who can handle the power of reincarnation. It is a strong factor that I was often away with you. So, there is a limit to what my subordinates can do. “

You were working hard. It’s hard to imagine from your lazy normal life Melfina sensei.

“Did you think of something rude?”

“You can’t think in such a serious mood.”

I can get away with this. Don’t get tired and get nervous at midnight. I have to keep only the facial expression with my courage skill. However, there are many mysteries about Clive. At that time, I would have investigated if I didn’t make a mistake …

“It’s very unlikely that a reincarnated person from my predecessor’s era is alive. It’s unlikely, but if he’s got the power of reincarnation from other than me… There may be someone. “

“I see. The real reason Mel came to me was to figure it out.”

“No, I came completely on my own. I enjoy it normally.”

Melfina waved, “No.” This guy denies it with a straight face. Isn’t that quite important!?

“Well, this is another possibility. It would be useless to say that you shouldn’t worry too much.”

“Oh, for the time being, the Rizea Empire, Trisen and Gerard’s death are suspicious. The Rizea Empire on the eastern continent seems to have little information. You may need to go to Delamis, which seems to have the most information. If so, shouldn’t you approach the shrine maiden, this Collet? No, on the other hand, there is also the possibility that Delamis is suspicious…”

Yeah, I think too much. There is not enough sugar in the brain.

“I’m already planning a strategy, and I think it’s better to accompany you, personally.”

“That’s right. It’s faster for Melfina to ask Colette. Why don’t you ask tomorrow?”

“I forgot to say, but tomorrow I will be within your magical power.”

“Oh, yeah. It’s awkward to have Mel, the reincarnation god, in a place where are people involved in Delamis.”

If you are a shrine maiden who reports directly to Melfina, you may be able to find out just by looking at her.

“There is that too … but she’s a little sick.”

“…?”

What does she mean? When I was wondering, the living room’s door opened vigorously. Hey everyone, let’s open the door quietly. It will break someday.

“Kelvin! I’m coming to drink as a pre-celebration for tomorrow!”

“My Liege! Let us have a drink tonight!”

“Wow!”

“I’m sorry I’m in Kel-nii, I couldn’t stop it …”

A tipsy Gerard with Luca on his shoulders, and a tension max Sara with Rion clinging to her hips as if dragged by, got into the room. And modestly behind were Efil and Clotho.

“Oh, we have to do it moderately, right?”

“I’m so sleepy right now…” [TN I guess it’s Kelvin saying these two sentences.]

I knew it would be useless if I say something, so I put forth the little strength I had and cast ‘Refreshing Breeze in myself.

Chapter 114: Sudden Encounter
On the way to the Spirit’s song

“Well then, come on.”

We left the mansion to Elie. I was forcibly taken by Sara and others and headed to the bar of Spirit’s song. That said, the tiredness of training cannot be healed so easily, and I walked again with the black wand as support. As an S-class adventurer, this didn’t look good, so I asked Efil to lend me a shoulder when I left the mansion’s garden. In this case, I would love that it looked like I was injured in honor by a fierce battle with my life on the edge, well maybe.

“Sara, I’m pretty enthusiastic, but you shouldn’t be good at drinking…”

“I don’t drink, do I? But I love the festive atmosphere!”

The translation of it is that she is overwhelmed by that atmosphere and gets drunk every time. And I’m dying because I’m in a crisis.

“I am sorry Kel-nii, tomorrow is an important day. I couldn’t stop Sara with my current strength …”

“Oh, I heard that it is just a dinner party… If it’s a feast, it’s no good today.”

Efil, Rion. You guys are my last conscience. To be honest, if I drink alcohol in this state, I will collapse on the spot.

“What are you talking about? Both of you! It’s an important day, so don’t go to morale like this!”

“Um! I couldn’t drink a single drop today. Let’s enjoy the eagle to the fullest!”

“Um! I also enjoy it…”
Gerard, you already drank a few cups. Lucca on his shoulder seems to have fun imitating Gerard’s mouth, but she is a little suspicious. It’s like she is drunk…

“Hey Gerard. You didn’t let Lucca drink, right?”

“I won’t let my precious Lucca drink. It seems that she ate a pound cake with alcohol made by Efil, and she’s been like this ever since.”

“I’m sorry. It’s my mistake. It seems that she ate a sample placed on the kitchen table… Nobody would be left to take care of her, so I decided to take her with Mr. Gerard.”

“Oh, that kind of thing… Alcohol in a cake wouldn’t be a big deal, but you have to take care of her.”

“I know. I’ll pull up with it even if he is napping.”

Well, if Lucca is the first Gerard, is that safe? I’ll be quiet while watching Sara next to Efil. Because of that, this would be a trial.

“You, is it true that there is a legendary dish “curry” at the Spirit’s Song!?”

This would be a trial…

~~~~~~~~~

Spirit’s Song / Tavern

“Claire! I’m here!”

An inn that is as familiar as Kelvin’s mansion, the Song’s spirit. It’s like home to us, and Sara treats Claire as if she had come to see her mother. Like me, everyone else seems to visit frequently.

“Oops, I’ve been waiting! What’s wrong with Kelvin-chan!?”

“No, just on an adventure at home.”

I was crossing the most dangerous bridge here. Even so, this dashing Claire’s voice doesn’t really change here.

“Yes, Claire! I caught them on my own!”

Sara took out fresh fish and shellfish from the bag she carried by. I was wondering what was in it since we left the mansion, but was it a souvenir for Claire?

“Well, this is lively again. Sorry to trouble you, Sara.”

“It’s okay. I’m fishing too much, and I can handle it… Besides Claire has taken care of me!”



I just glanced at Melfina. Although she doesn’t care.

“Then, I should put my arm on it too! Efil-chan, please help me.”

“Yes, master, let’s go.”

“Oh, please come back as soon as possible…”

I see Claire and Efil disappear into the kitchen. Oh, my few consciences… [TN I really couldn’t guess what he wanted to say with this: 俺の数少ない良心が]

“I see, they’ll make seafood curry.”

I think differently.

“Hey Kelvin, your seat is here!”

“Ah, Mr. Urd”

The person beckoning was Mr. Urd. I rarely meet him at the Spirit Song, but today we drink at the bar. And it’s like he knew I was coming. Looking around there were quite a few familiar adventurers.

“I am here for you Kelvin, take a seat. Have a drink?”

“Hey, you’re so impatient.”

Rion guided me while grabbing and supporting my arm. Perhaps, because she was caring for me that she was even acting so as not to be unnatural. Onii-chan, I’m going to cry.

A large table seat was designated by Mr. Urd. This will allow all my friends to sit down. I sat in a chair while muttering “heave ho” in my heart. Does it smell like an old man? That’s how bad my legs are. If possible, I would like to lie face down at the table as it is, but I will put up with it no matter how much.

“I heard from Gerard and Sara. You’re having a big pre-celebration today? Our regulars gathered to celebrate with you. We were waiting for you to arrive. We couldn’t start without the protagonist!”

“It seems to be so. I just heard it.”



“Um. It’s a surprise. It was planned by this one and Sara!”

“I did my best!”

I’m happy. I’m very happy, but why on this day when I’m exhausted! Gerard and Sara don’t know what the training is, so it’s a shame in a sense, but … let’s take it honestly.
“Now, let’s get started! Claire, we’re ready for sake!”

“You do it yourself! I’m busy preparing food!”

“Oh, yes.”

Urd walked to the kitchen as soon as Claire’s voice said so. It’s completely dominated. Other adventurers who saw it helped prepare, Urd’s desire could be seen.

“I’ll also help…”

“Kelvin, please sit down! We’ll be rushing in!”

“Oh yeah, if you let the protagonist help, there’s no way we can stand.”

I was stopped by a junior adventurer. As a result, I was saved because I couldn’t gather the force to stand up. I must thank him later. Thinking about that, Efil brought a cup in place of the two adventurers.

“Master, alcohol will be bad tomorrow, so take this…”

“Is this grape juice? Efil, I am saved.”

“It’s a special feast, but if you get a hangover tomorrow, you won’t have any chance.”

“Hey Efil, I like juice too. Is it over there?”

“Oh, I want juice too!”

If you think about it, our women can hardly drink alcohol. Melfina seems to change each time according to the dish.

“What would you like Mel?”

“Well, shall I get the same thing?”

And with the cooperation of everyone, the preparations for the banquet proceeded smoothly. Gerard took the toast. Lucca dressed as a maid stormed in and the party started in a chaotic state, but it soon settled down and became the usual drinking party. An acquaintance adventurer from Mr. Urd’s party came to pour sake, but I told him about tomorrow’s game and refused implicitly. Fortunately, everyone seemed to understand it well, and he forgave me for toasting with juice instead of sake.

Sara is also on the lookout with me and Rion, so she doesn’t drink at all. Occasionally, she enjoys drinking juice. It seems unlikely that Sara will attack me today.

“Please tell us the story of the fierce battle in the Elven Forest later. It’s a promise, Mr. Kelvin!”

“If so, this one is going to talk as witness…”

“Don’t do it”

The black story was stopped, and Lucca seemed to be sleeping. When The party has halfway through and I tried to instruct Gerard to take Lucca to the mansion, a group of adventurers came into the tavern.

“Ah? Is full here too?”

The voice was made by a beast-man. It has dog-like animal ears on its head. He has a sharp eye and receives a terribly warlike image.

“Nagua, the day before the promotion ceremony is like this everywhere. It is our responsibility to arrive at this time. I’m grateful that the guild is preparing an inn.”

That was an elf woman. She gave an intellectual vibe in contrast to the beast-man. However, it’s rare to see an elf in Parse.

“I’m hungry …”

“Sylvia, you have to be patient.”

“Even I you said that my stomach is at the limit…”

A girl and a dwarf man came in from behind. Hmm, Sylvia?
Black Summoner – Chapter 1[by Shasu]
Chapter 1 – Summoner
 

Upon waking up I was surrounded by greenery as far as I could see. I was stranded in some forest totally unbeknownst to me.
The trees were rustling pleasantly in the wind, but that didn’t comfort my increasing inner distress at all.
No matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t remember why I was sleeping in this place. I couldn’t even recall my own name. Was this the so-called amnesia? It would appear I didn’t forget my general knowledge and education at the very least. Personally I couldn’t recall it at all, but the knowledge of me being born and raised in Japan on Earth was preserved.
My mind was shrouded by a haze. It was a really odd sensation. Being puzzled by the situation I slowly stood up when I suddenly noticed something flashing in front of me. There wasn’t anything there a short while ago though… .

“Wh-What … this is …” (-)

A button was shining on a semi-transparent screen. Upon inspecting it closely, I was able to see a letter written on the button. It somehow resembled the menu screen of a game.

“Welcome to the alternate world!” <Menu> (T/N: “Isekai he youkoso!” I prefer the romanji version xD )

For an instant my thinking froze completely. The alternate world? Is this alternate world the place I am at right now?
While I was pondering this the button continued to blink. Although I was considering this to be a bad joke I pushed the button.

“Congratulations! You won the right to transfer to a different world as result of a impartial lottery!
Although the memory of the time before the transfer was erased, please do not worry as you granted us permission before the transfer. Due to your retained knowledge you should understand that point must be strictly adhered to!” <Menu>

“What did I do before transferring!?” (-)

“This is a fantasy world where you will encounter fierce sword competitions and exciting magic battles.
Now, you have to learn about the skills you chose before the transfer. Please look at the Status screen for a detailed explanation.” <Menu>

In the next moment the screen changed and displayed a standard array. Ah, as I expected, this was a screen often seen in games.

Kelvin – 23 years old – Human – Summoner

Level: 1
Title: None

HP: 10/10
MP: 20/20

Strength: 1
Endurance: 1
Agility: 3
Magical Attack: 5
Luck: 4

Skill: Summoning <Grade S> Open Slots: 9

Green Magic <Grade F>
Eye of Appraisal <Grade S>
Growth rate x2
Skill points x2
Experience sharing
Skill points: 0

The distrust from a while ago vanished as I was staring intently on the screen. It would appear I have quite the fondness for games. After all I was currently trembling excitedly in anticipation.



I felt sorry for speaking badly of the transfer before.

From the explanation provided by the menu screen I had spent skill points before the transfer to acquire several skills. As far as I could see, quite a lot of skill points were used.
Up to grade S and the Summoner class it is. I only know of one famous game with such a setting … as expected, huh?

“Well, for the moment, let’s check out the details of the skills.” (Kelvin)

Summoning <Grade S>

By making a contract with the target you can add it as a follower.
Added followers receive their magical power through the summoner, their status increases and communication with the summoner is possible.
Summoning the follower within the magical power range of the summoner is enabled.
By raising the skill rank the number of possible followers increases, the status up of the followers increases and an upgraded contract becomes available.

Green magic <Grade F>

Magic to manipulate the power of earth and wind.
Offensive – Support – Recovery can be handled by this well balanced magic.
By raising the skill rank the available magic spells increase.

Eye of Appraisal <Grade S>

Status of target is viewable.
By raising skill rank the amount of information increases.

Growth rate x2



Upon leveling the stats gained are doubled.

Skill points x2

Upon leveling the skill points gained are doubled.

Experience sharing

Experience is shared by all party members.
This skill also applies to the summoner’s followers.

“Oh, now that’s a decent support character. The benefit of leveling is great, too.” (Kelvin)

The Summoning skill required a contract though.
I wondered, should I talk to them as soon as I defeated them? Magical power supply … what’s that?

“After the targets agrees, it will be possible to form a contract with it. Upon conclusion of the contract, the target will change into a magic body and be assimilated by your magic. To successfully summon the target a suitable amount of MP is required and the maximal MP value is lowered. This MP represents the magical power supply. If you cancel the summon the maximal MP value returns to its former value, but please be advised that the MP used for the summoning is not returned.” <Menu>

Thank you for the explanation. To think I would be instructed this precisely after asking. This menu is quite handy.

In short, consecutive summons are not possible due to the MP not recovering fast enough, huh?
Furthermore due to the decrease in the maximal MP, the possibility to use other magic will be narrowed down, too. MP management will be crucial, I guess.

“You are quick on the uptake. Should we go to a nearby town for starters then? There is an adventurer’s guild over there. It would be a good idea to register.” <Menu>

… Quite the common talking for a while now. Menu, will you accompany me?

“Fufu … that would be the least I can do as you have no memory. Please have a look at this.” <Menu>

As Menu replied, it displayed a screen.

Kelvins follower – Slot: 9

Merufina – 1276 years old – Angel – Transferred God

Level: <Impossible to determine>
Title: From God to me

HP: <Impossible to determine>
MP: <Impossible to determine>

Strength: <Impossible to determine>
Endurance: <Impossible to determine>
Agility: <Impossible to determine>
Magical Attack: <Impossible to determine>
Luck: <Impossible to determine>

Skill points: <Impossible to determine>

“This is a first for me as god. To become someone’s follower. Please take responsibility.
Also, this is the communication between a summoner and their follower.” (Merufina)

“Eeehhhhhhhh … what in the hell did I do before transferring here!!??” (Kelvin)

~ And thus the story of my alternate world transfer began ~

CHAPTER 2 – THE TOWN PAZU
A note regarding the future format of text editing:

Explanatory text will be kept in past tense. Thoughts and talk within the mind will be italic and present tense (unless specified otherwise) Regular speech will be case by case regarding tenses.
Sorry, but the correct tenses are not easy to decipher from MTL and Romaji, thus I will set it like this for now.

The author of the series dishes out 1-2 chapters per day currently. If they keep being so short, I might consider an increase of chapters per week. But that will depend on how well the translation of the other 2 will go and how this one develops story wise (alternative would be another series) .

Menu-san, no rather because of her sudden confession, it is Merufina?

After I recovered from the shock, we headed towards the nearby town. While on the move I was told the rough sequence of events happening before the transfer.

It would appear I died in an accident before coming to this world. This accident was caused by a blunder of god (no, not Merufina).

This god requested a special treatment for me from Merufina whose responsibility was governing over reincarnation.

Such cases happened in the past before too, according to Merufina.

After all God makes mistakes, too.

“Surprisingly there also are many irresponsible Gods. I am diligent though, ok?” (Merufina)

Originally Merufina was an angel serving god, she remarked in my mind.

As a reward for meritorious service for many years, she was promoted to guarding deity ruling over reincarnation in the (T/N: heavenly) division of this world.

In comparison to other gods, she was a young god who just started out.

Oh well, that is, if you believe Merufina’s words on the matter.

As I uttered my complaints while interacting with Merufina, she also mentioned her innermost thoughts.

“Right after choosing the skill you approached me about signing a contract with you desu~.

You fell in love with me and begged me to accompany you! For nearly an hour you coaxed me into doing that for you.

As I was handling that administrative position for several hundreds of years, I felt a little bored and thus I accepted that plea of yours.” (Merufina)

… Though I couldn’t recall it at all, it would seem I fell in love with Merufina at first sight.

At the moment I was only able to hear Merufina’s voice but I guessed she was suitable being a goddess previously.

“Occasionally it is necessary for a goddess to get some rest desu~.

In other words, paid holiday desu~.

Since I pushed the work onto my follower, it is alright.

For several centuries now I have had no break. If I don’t recharge soon, I will break.” (Merufina)



Follower, eh? … You were treating my transfer as a chance to go on a vacation ?!

In that case return my memories already, will you?

“Didn’t you decide to erase your memories before you were transferred? The increased skill points serve as sufficient compensation for your lost memories.

You were informed about this.” (Merufina)

What should I say to the person I fell in love with?

The memory of falling in love is gone after all.

“Even if you lost your memories, you can just fall in love with me again! What sweet words you used before.

Because it was so straight forward, my heart went kyun~ and even though it was a mistake I permitted it.

Favorability level +1, desu~.

Congratulations!” (Merufina)

Uoo~ … Please stop it already at this point.

Even if don’t remember, I feel like I don’t want to know about my black past … Still what a blunder, for Merufina to suit my taste in women so much, huh?

With this much said, I want to actually see Merufina now.



“Since we are already contracted with each other … can I summon you now?” (Kelvin)

“It currently is impossible. The MP required for materialization is severely lacking.” (Merufina) (T/N: Tough luck there is no red star in the sky, huh? ^^)

That surely took the wind out of my sails.

Current objective: Raise the level far enough to summon Merufina!

“I am looking forward to your growth and new confession of love” (Merufina)

“There will be no confessions.” (Kelvin)

While chatting the town cam into view.

“This town is our destination, Pazu, desu~.” (Merufina)

It seemed to be a reasonably large town. It was surrounded by a stone wall with the houses being within the wall.

The town scape, which differed quite a lot from modern Japan, made my heart flutter.

By the way, my current appearance is the same as common travelers in this world.

Thus I don’t think I will stand out specifically.

There were gateways into the town on both sides, east and west.

Approaching the gatekeepers I was about to get in contact with the first human beings from this world.

Oh, a gatekeeper seems to have noticed me.

“Yaa~ .. Are you an adventurer? Sorry, but could you show me your guild card or identification papers?” (Gatekeeper)

“Well, I come from a small village in the hicks. I have no identification papers.” (Kelvin)

As Merufina had briefed me earlier I dealt with him in such way.

There were a lot of people in this world, who didn’t possess identification papers.

Hence those papers were issued at the gate of big towns like this.

Though it cost a bit money, there was no problem as Merufina held onto some before transferring.

Even though she gave up her job, this was a task even a child could do.

“As I said before, I’m a diligent person desu~.” (Merufina)

After finishing the business with the identification papers, I headed to the next destination; the adventurer’s guild.

~ At first I was doubtful, but now I am brimming with the motivation to fully enjoy this fantasy world. ~

 I arrived at the adventurer’s guild. The building housing was quite imposing.

Well then, I guess I should have a look inside!

『What’s this strange tension?』 (Merufina)

“I can’t explain it properly, but my excitement has increased.” (Kelvin)

When I entered, the first thing I saw was the reception counter.

The Misses (musume-tachi) who worked as guild receptionists were dealing with adventurers. However there was no cute young woman among them.

To the side of the counter there was a bar. And despite it being daytime there already was a person drinking sake.

It was a typical guild right out of a RPG. It was just as I imagined and that made me happy. I thought it would only be muscular middle-aged man (ossan-tachi) but there were quite a few young woman and man, too.

I lined up at the queue for the counter and waited a little while. My turn came around.

“Hello! What sort of business do you have?” (Receptionist)

It was a sweet girl with light brown braided hair who greeted me in an energetic voice. Energetic girls sure are nice~.

“I want to register as an adventurer.” (Kelvin)

“Registration it is, I understand. Then, please fill out this form here. Do you need someone else to write it for you?” (Receptionist)

“No, it’s alright.” (Kelvin)

Language comprehension, that’s what enabled me to write and read the words here and was acquired when I was transferred to this world.

It was thanks to Merufina-sama-sama.1

Only name and occupation are required to be filled out, huh?

It was fairly simple.

Name is Kelvin and occupation is Green Magician … duh

“Kelvin it is. Please wait a moment.” (Receptionist)

There is a reason why I set the occupation as Green Magician.

Summoner was a class of an extremely rare degree in this world.

There was an occupation with a similar ability though, Beastmaster.

This one didn’t use summoning magic but used a method of taming monsters and training them into pets. There is no MP used and it’s possible to have the trained monster serve you at all times. By increasing the skill rank you could tame more pets, it seems. In other words, the same as a summoner.

The merit of a summoner is to not being limited to only monsters as you can likewise possess humans, elves and golems who are valid as an inorganic creature, too. Furthermore, there was status up, communication with your followers and the possibility to summon them wherever you like as long as it is in range of your magic. As compensation for using part of your MP, the reward was large.

Becoming such a summoner was restricted to very few people. Most likely one person per nation. As soon as they are discovered they are targeted by the higher-ups of a nation.

To me, who wanted to freely enjoy this fantasy world, such a thing would be an obstacle. Thus I wanted to conceal my summoner class as much as possible.

“I’m sorry to have you kept waiting. This will serve as proof of guild membership.” (Receptionist)

She handed me the guild certification.

It was a blue card with wings drawn on it. There was an “F” written atop of it.

“Let me explain the simple guild system next.” (Receptionist)



Going by her explanation, adventurers are split into seven ranks.

She showed a board.

———————————————–

Rank F (Beginner) <— Kelvin

Rank E (Novice)

Rank D (Amateur)

Rank C (Advanced)

Rank B (Expert)

Rank A (Monster) <— Shasu

Rank S (Godlike) 2

———————————————–

My name is written down in lovely characters next to my rank.

Un, that’s easy to understand.

“As Kelvin-san has just registered, you start as an F-Rank. You can accept a request at any area that has a guild. Requests are split by ranks and posted on a bulletin board for all adventurers to see.” (Receptionist)

“In other words, I can only accept F-Rank requests right now?” (Kelvin)



“It is possible to accept requests that are one rank above your own. However, please be warned that you have to pay the penalty for contract breach in case you fail a request.” (Receptionist)

Uh huh, that means I can’t recklessly challenge higher ranking requests.

“If you succeed in completing requests 10 times your adventurer rank will rise. Even if you complete higher ranking requests, the number required for a rank up remains the same. However, please be careful as from C-Rank onward there will be examinations for raising your rank.” (Receptionist)

“Roger that.” (Kelvin)

“There are 4 kinds of requests: Subjugation, Escort, Harvest and Special. For subjugation requests, please don’t forget to bring a part of the targets body as proof that you defeated it.” (Receptionist)

Mu~, sounds like proof is necessary.

With this excessive hunting is improbable as I won’t be able to hold all the proofs.

“Is there a reasonable request for a beginner?” (Kelvin)

“Well, let’s see. I recommend these.” (Receptionist)

Subjugation of 3 x blue slimes.

Harvesting of 5 x medical herbs.

Search for pet cat (Special request)

Those were the basic run-downs of the requests.

That means special requests didn’t belong to any other request type, huh?

『Master,3 how about accepting the request to subjugate 3 blue slimes? In the first place, those are ideal monsters for your summoning magic.』 (Merufina)

Un, so we were thinking the same, huh?

I want to try out the summoning magic soon, too.

Of course, somewhere where it doesn’t attract public notice.

“I would like to accept the subjugation request of the blue slimes.” (Kelvin)

“I understand. Here you go.” (Receptionist)

After receiving the request formally, I left the adventurer’s guild.

A little while later I heard that she (the receptionist) is called Angie. I will be often taken care of by her from now on.

Now then, next would be preparing my equipment. As I have no extra money to spare currently, it will be limited to weapons and recovery items.

『A wood rod it is. Although it has no physical attack power, there is a weak magic attack boost dwelling within. It will likely help you with your magic.』 (Merufina)

Most of my money was spent on this.

For the sake of today’s inn charges, off I go!

Translation Notes:

1 Yea, twice to increase the gratitude I guess.

2 Translation would be inhuman, but with such a fantasy world … more like not measurable by any scale. But that is hard to put in one word, so it had to be of course… ;)

3 She calls him “anata-sama.” You could also translate it as “darling” but since she uses keigo and gives off a meek flair, I opted for master.
Now then, after leaving the town I arrived at a plain before long.

Walking on the road next to the forest with its boisterous sounds of nature, I was lucky to not encounter any monsters on the way. The distance wasn’t far either.

“I was told they should appear around here …” (Kelvin)

Surveying the area there were no blue slimes in the vicinity.

After walking for a little while searching for them, I finally saw something resembling a blue shape in front.

『It’s a blue slime. Master, please use [Eyes of Identification] to examine it.』(Merufina)

Just as I was told by Merufina, I invoked [Eyes of Identification].

Before I could understand how it was supposed to work, I already was under the influence of the invocation.

It feels almost like moving one’s body, huh?

Owning the skill seems to make the invocation fairly simple.

Blue Slime – 0 years old – No race – Blue Slime

Level: 1

Title: None

HP: 5/5

MP: 0/0

STR: 1

STA: 1

AGI: 2

MATK: 1

LUK: 2

Skill: Stun resistance

Skill points: 0

This is [Eyes of Identification]?

It’s able to read the entire status of the target.

『[Eyes of Identification] doesn’t only work on living things. It also works on unidentified objects. Your [Eyes of Identification] is grade S. As long as the target is less than 100 levels above you, it is possible to identify it.』 (Merufina)

It should work on the majority of targets then, huh? … Wait, I was able to see Merufinas status although it shouldn’t be possible to display it.

In other words, does the level of Merufina surpasses mine by over 100?

『Tentatively speaking, I am a goddess after all.』 (Merufina)

For the sake of summoning you, just how much MP will be consumed … nevermind, the story strayed off.

First the blue slime in front.

I slowly approached the blue slime.

First of all, to succeed in forming a contract I need the other parties agreement.

Should I talk to the slime to get its agreement? (T/N: LOL)

『In case of monsters who don’t understand words, you have to weaken it considerably without defeating it though. If you invoke the contract then, it will agree to it. It’s a fellow you want to befriend by using strength.』 (Merufina)

Merufina appeared to have an abundant gamer’s knowledge, too.

It seems I would finish it off if I used magic, so I had to use the wood rod to fight it.

“Tou!” (Kelvin)



Putting a fair amount of strength into it, I attacked the blue slime.

The slime was blown back by a few meters while rolling around *poyon poyon*

I invoked [Eyes of Identification].

「Remaining HP: 3. Do you wish to form a contract?」 (System)

I held up my hand towards the slime as arranged by the system in order to form a contract.

“Uo~ … It feels like something is coming out of its body covering it in a mist. Is this alright?” (Kelvin)

『Regardless whether the formation of a contract is successful or not, half of the remaining MP will be spent on the attempt. That’s the effect of spending a large amount of mana.』 (Merufina)

“Please tell me that earlier … Oh well, okay. Is the contract formation successful?” (Kelvin)

Looking at the blue slime, it started to gradually to glow in a white light.

Bright.

『Congratulations. The contract is established.』 (Merufina)

“Is it done with this?” (Kelvin)

『The monster you contracted this time has no name yet. How about giving it a name, Master?』 (Merufina)

Fumu, name, huh?

My naming sense is on fire and so it will end up sounding chuuni-like.1

Should I play it safe here?

No, it’s no problem as this a fantasy world.

“Alright, from today onwards you shall be called Clotho2. Please take care of me from now on!” (Kelvin)

Clotho jumps up while trembling *purupuru* .



And then it changed into light particles which were absorbed into me.

That fellow became a magic body, huh?

According to what Merufina told me before, with this Clotho should have been absorbed into my mana.

“Oi Clotho, can you hear me?” (Kelvin)

Although I can’t hear Clotho’s words, its feelings are directly transmitted to me.

Is it pleased with only this?

『Mutual understanding is possible without having to use words as a means of communication. As a fellow follower I have to say this method gives me peace of mind though.』 (Merufina)

Ah, Clotho is slightly scared.

You don’t have to be afraid of Merufina.

For the time being I should name this as follower’s network (T/N: Blog!).

It allows virtually instant conversation and it looks to me that it will be useful in battle.

“The next is summoning. As I used half my MP earlier for the contract, the remaining MP is 10. Will that be sufficient?” (Kelvin)

『For a slime of this level it will be fine. However in regards to understanding the summoning skill: Please be careful of the forceful contract cancellation in case the followers HP drops to 0 and it dies.』 (Merufina)

In this world it had been arranged that 『HP reduced to zero = death』.

Naturally there is no such thing as revival in the church after death as it is common in games.

Clotho is an important friend who will accompany me from now on.

I will make sure to not make a blunder and avoid such a thing to happen.

『As long as so much as 1 HP remains, it is possible to cancel the summons and return the follower back into your mana. HP and MP will be recovered gradually over time, if it returns to be a magic body. Please make sure to apply this rule wisely.』(Merufina)

*Funfun* Very educational.

Well then, now that I have received Merufina-sensei’s authorization, I shall invoke the summoning.

Ah, right. I don’t know yet how far my magic range goes. Let’s go with summoning right before the eyes then.

Just as the thought crossed my mind, the magic square appeared instantly and in the next instant Clotho was within it.

It seems that summoning is carried out in a fairly high speed.

“First objective of testing achieved. Next up, the subjugation request.” (Kelvin)

『Making Clotho murder its own family … Master, you are quite the savage.』(Merufina)

“Gufu” (Kelvin)

When I was writhing in agony over my lacking discretion, Clotho transmitted its feelings by jumping about.

“Because the slime family grows by the strong absorbing the weak it is alright, huh? Clotho, you don’t have to force yourself.” (Kelvin)

Clotho showed its eagerness with his trembling body.

No, there’s no problem if Clotho is fine with it.

“As for absorbing the defeated opponent, that would be a problem. I have to dismantle the slimes and collect the cores as proof for the subjugation request this time.” (Kelvin)

However it should be okay for Clotho to absorb a part of the opponent.

I am a bit anxious about the remaining MP. I want to try out magic a bit, too.

We found a target.

Translation Notes

1 chuuninbyou (in short: chuuni) … well for those who don’t know that term yet. Some weird delusional sickness of Japanese middle school students thinking they are some kind of super heroes and such.

2 クロト .. Kroto would be the name I guess? If someone knows anything better, please feel free to share. I suspect it has some weird reference to a game/manga/anime/novel too. Changed it to Clotho now, sounds cuter any way and fixed the gender to neutral (for now). ^^
CHAPTER 5 – LEVEL UP
The new follower Clotho was next to me, tagging along on the search for blue slimes. After a short while we discovered 2 blue slimes.

“Let’s test the green magic to assess it. Because I will attack one of the slimes with magic, I will leave the other one to you, Clotho. Please show me the way you fight.” (Kelvin)

Clotho nods. *koku koku*

Due to the decreased mana supply, I immediately applied reinforcement on myself as to not be defeated by the approaching common blue slime.

Concerning green magic, I received several rudimentary instructions from Merufina.

After the contract with Clotho and its summoning, my MP took a heavy blow leaving me with only a part of it remaining. However I still have some recovery items.

Therefore I should be able to deal with a slime as opponent some way or the other.

“Air Blade Wind!” (Kelvin)

Grade F green magic [Air Blade Wind]

Small air blades are generated. It is a magic that attacks the target.

Although the attack power is low, it’s a low-cost and invisible attack that can be fired. Nice usability.

The wind tears apart the blue slime consigning it to oblivion in one blow.

“Clotho, go!” (Kelvin)

Clotho begins to run at great speeds challenging the blue slime with a charge.

This charge blew off the opponent and finished it off.

Its speed was totally different to the time before the contract was made. Most likely that was because of the Grade S summoning. The gap caused by the status up was huge as well.

『Because of the Grade S summoning all statuses are increased by +100.』 (Merufina)

Wha?! Additional 100!?

I confirmed Clotho’s status with [Eyes of Identification].

Clotho – 0 years old – No race – Blue Slime

Level: 1

Title: None

HP: 105/105 <+100>

MP: 100/100 <+100>

STR: 101 <+100>

STA: 101 <+100>

AGI: 102 <+100>

MATK: 101 <+100>

LUK: 102 <+100>

Skill: Stun resistance

Buffs1: Summoning Technique / Mana Enhancement (Grade S)

Skill points: 0

That’s too powerful … So that’s why nations value summoners so highly.

Just a slime follower of a level 1 summoner and it’s already this powerful.

An immediate asset if used in the army.

『Just a small correction: The only one possessing a Grade S summoning skill is you, master. The other rabble is at the most Grade B or C. Their status up is approximately +10 ~ +20. They are not able to turn a slime follower into an immediate asset.』(Merufina)

Are you serious? It’s no less than a splendid cheat to possess such skill at level 1.

Moreover, isn’t it the first time you praised me, Merufina? I’m a little bit happy.

After a short time, when Clotho had easily defeated third blue slimes, a fanfare resounded.



Is it that!? That default pattern !?

Before my eyes the status screen appeared.

Level up! Level 1 => Level 2

 

Kelvin – 23 years old – Human – Summoner

Level: 2

Title: None

HP: 20/20 <+10>

MP: 23/35 <+20>

STR: 3 <+2>

STA: 3 <+2>

AGI: 9 <+6>

MATK: 15 <+10>

LUK: 12 <+8>

Skill: Summoning <Grade S> Open Slots: 8

Green Magic <Grade F>

Eye of Appraisal <Grade S>

Growth rate x2

Skill points x2



Experience sharing

Skill points: 100

Oh, thanks to the passive skills the growth is remarkable.

It is very nice in regards to the expected increase of mana consumption.

I received 100 skill points, too.

『Please change from the status screen to the skill entries. By using the skill points, another new skill can be obtained.』 (Merufina)

“By the way, does the general public of this world know about the status screen? The situation of a level up should occur occasionally.” (Kelvin)

『It is known. The method is different though. One silently prays to God for displaying the status screen. That way one is able to display their own status, acquire skills and manage parties by themselves. However, the status screen of others cannot be seen.』 (Merufina)

In order to view the status of others, [Eyes of Identification] was necessary.

All things considered, you could confidently say that this world was quite permeated with a game-like mechanism.

Well, I don’t think this state of affairs is doubted, though, since it is like that since birth.

“Well then, I will open the skill entries.”

I opened the skill entries within the status screen.

The screen is full of skills with their name and effects. The required points to obtain a specific skill are listed as well. All together it was who-knows-how-many.

『Not all skills are displayed yet. There also are skills which require certain achievements to unlock them.』 (Merufina)

“I was able to get the summoning skill normally.” (Kelvin)

『That was a special exception and is usually not possible. That was, so to speak, a bonus available in the skill entries before transferring to this world.』 (Merufina)

“Then, there is no such bonus in this world available as well? Oh well, it can’t be helped.” (Kelvin)

While skimming through the skill entries, I let Clotho guard the vicinity.

“… Say, isn’t the amount of spendable skill points too low? After all, Grade F skills cost 10 points.” (Kelvin)

『By nature skill points represent the point values of the abilities. By increasing the level you obtain (T/N: ability) growth points. Although that value differs for each person, typically the point values of the abilities are 50 with growth points at 5.』 (Merufina)

“Oi, my growth points are 100. Even taking into account the doubled skill point gain, this number is weird.” (Kelvin)

『Incidentally the point values of the abilities were derived before the transfer. Even though there is a margin caused by the skills, generally the required points are as follows: Grade F: 10, Grade E: 20, Grade D: 40, Grade C: 80, Grade B: 160, Grade A: 320 and Grade S: 640. Because it is necessary to start from the lowest Grade when acquiring a skill, Grade S requires in total 1270 points.』 (Merufina)

“… Even if a common person reaches level 100, they can only get one skill up to Grade B at the most.” (Kelvin)

『… That’s how it is.』 (Merufina)

“… Even though I have two Grade S skills at level 1.” (Kelvin)

『… Look, it’s in exchange for your memories.』 (Merufina)

Now, that’s the very definition of me piling up a cheat on a cheat.

All the other-worlders in this world would believe this to be a bug.

However, I don’t know if there are any.

『To the bitter end, that is the situation of a common person. Among them there are some feared as inhumane or devil kings, too.』 (Merufina)

I won’t worry about it.

The difference in the raised basic statuses is more precious compared to the situation with the skills.

As long as I don’t do anything strange, I won’t stand out neither.

For now, let’s return to slowly checking the available skills.

While issuing instructions to Clotho, I face the remainder of the subjugation request.

 

Translation Notes

1 Translation would be “Support/Auxiliary Effects” but well, in game terms that would be “Buffs,” thus I will go with that. ^^

CHAPTER 6 – SKILL
The blue slime subjugation finished without any problems.

The summoned Clotho had been recalled.

After receiving the reward from the guild, I went to search for an inn to stay at for today.

“That’s the inn Angie-san mentioned, huh?” (Kelvin)

Angie had recommended an inn and taught me the necessary information.

『How affectionate of her to consider the pursue of a newcomer adventurer, Angie’s highly recommended inn! Apparently, that is.』 (Merufina)

“‘Singing spirits.’1 No doubt, it’s here. Let’s go inside.” (Kelvin)

Opening the door, I was greeted by an oba-san with a large build standing at the counter.

The landlady, huh?

“Oops, a guest? Welcome to ‘Singing Spirits’!” (oba-san)

“Umm, I would like to stay for one night.” (Kelvin)

“If it suits you, please stay the next as well. I would be glad. Atasha Clare2, nice to meet you.” (Clare)

“I am Kelvin. Apparently the food here is very delicious. It is a pleasure from now on.” (Kelvin)

“Hahaha, I have to put all my skills into the cooking today then!” (Clare)

After paying the lodging expenses, Clare-san guided me to my room.

I was briefly told the time for dinner in this inn.

Fuu~ , finally I can relax a bit.

“Although I had anticipated it, there is no bath …” (Kelvin)

『Royalty has bathrooms in their castle, the noble’s mansions often don’t have one either though. Commoners normally bathe in cold water or boil some water to use it to wipe their bodies.』 (Merufina)

“For Japanese people to not have a bath in their livelihood is severe! … One day I will live in a house with a bathroom.” (Kelvin)

As I was burning with ambition towards my new objective, I opened the skill entries from the status screen.

While scrolling through the entries, I was looking for the intended skill.

“… There!” (Kelvin)

 

Hide (Grade F) – Required Skill Points: 10

Up to Grade F [Eyes of Identification] can be prevented.



Up to Grade F [Detection] can be prevented.

Objects can be hidden.

 

Acquiring this skill ought to be the highest priority in order to hide my status information.

After listening to Merufina’s explanation before, it is obvious that the degree of difficulty for the skills I possess is unusual.

If it became known that I possess such skills at Level 2, I would be regarded as totally suspicious.

Therefore I will raise [Hide] up to Grade D.

Currently I have excess war potential on the battlefield.

“With this the countermeasure against [Eyes of Identification] is OK for the moment. Before long I want to raise it up to Grade B if possible, but …” (Kelvin)

Also, for the sake of this, I intend to focus on doing subjugation requests starting tomorrow.

I want to raise my cooperation proficiency with Clotho, too.

Oh, yes! By the way, this afternoon Clotho raised its level by defeating 5 blue slimes as well.



10 growth points were earned.

What wonderful superiority, isn’t it? With those 10 points Clotho can purchase quite a few varied skills.

 

Absorb (Grade F) – Required Skill Points: 10

A portion of mana will be absorbed and converted into energy.

Also effective when magic attacks are used.

Depending on the skill rank, the absorption power will be raised.

 

A quite interesting skill.

The absorbed energy can also be used to restore (T/N: heal) oneself. Furthermore it can also be used for attacking.

If the skill rank rises, it might be possible to completely nullify magic.

From now on Clotho will have to keep working hard, too.

“However, today’s fights went beyond easy. Neither Clotho nor me received any damage.” (Kelvin)

『Blue slimes are monsters that even beginner adventurers can safely hunt. To lose with such power, on the contrary, would be embarrassing. Some specimen can surpass the standard level and become high level. It is also possible for some to evolve into a different species. Unpreparedness is one’s greatest enemy.』 (Merufina)

“Evolution? Monsters can raise their level and evolve?” (Kelvin)

『The level is not the absolute condition in this case. The surrounding environment, the preferred food and further various conditions. Particularly, Clotho’s race, the slimes, got a diverse evolution tree. I am also looking forward to what my evolution will be like.』(Merufina)

I don’t understand Merufina any more. How can she look forward so much to the time of evolution.

“Hee~ , Clotho might sooner or later evolve, too. I am anticipating it, Clotho.” (Kelvin)

Clotho seems to be in high spirits.

Well then, for the time being I should go and get a meal.

Since I forgot to eat anything as I was engrossed in battle during lunch time.

I suppose that this will be the first meal I enjoy in this alternate world.

 

Translation Notes

1 精霊歌亭 .. “seirei uta tei” .. Well aforementioned name is my take on it. In case I am wrong, feel free to tell me. :)

2 Well I was confused at first as I thought her forename is Clare, but that doesn’t seem to be case as it’s apparently “Forename Last name” order. Since the MC calls her Clare-san, I will refer to her as Clare too, even if it is her last name.
CHAPTER 7 – ROOKIE CRUSHER
Merely one week has passed since I came to this world.

If someone asked me what I was doing in that time span, the answer would be subjugation & subjugation.

The next day after the blue slime subjugation, I accepted yet another Rank F subjugation request. Since the request was far too easy I simply breezed through it.

From then on I only accepted Rank E subjugation requests.

“Congratulations, Kelvin-san! By successfully completing this request, your adventurer rank has risen to Rank E!” (Angie)

Angie gave her blessing.

In all honesty, there was no sense of accomplishment though.

The subjugation target monsters for Rank E were Orcs, Kobolds and their likes. Basically monsters priding themselves in group tactics trying to crush their opponents with numbers.

However they weren’t overly intelligent after all.

For the [Status Up] Clotho and me they were no enemies due to our mutual understanding.

“At the time while processing the Rank E request, I was wondering how it would work out for you. Kelvin-san hasn’t formed a party after all ~mon1 ” (Angie)

I can’t join one even if I want to.

In the case I joined a party, my summoner class would immediately be exposed.

But, even though I can’t join one, I got a reliable partner anyway.

『A follower who was materialized by casting [Summon] will automatically be added to your party, Master. Substantially they always are part of your party though.』(Merufina)

Substantially, huh?

Looking at it from the view of other guys, an adventurer group consisting of only one rookie magician was finishing requests one rank above their own one after the other. For that reason …. it was quite conspicuous.

『Did you plan to act while not standing out?』 (Merufina)

It is tedious.

Forgive me.

While talking to Merufina within my mind, Angie-san leaned across the counter and drew close to me.

Too close!

“Kelvin-san, did you serve in any country as court magician? For a rookie-san you are far too strong.” (Angie)

“Eh, eto, I cannot disclose any details. I’m sorry.” (Kelvin)

“Ah, no, I am sorry as well! It is strictly forbidden to inquire about such matters from adventurers, you know …” (Angie)

Please, forgive me for making up such a thing.

I apologized once more within my mind.

“But please be careful. Because it is Kelvin-san, you want to receive a Rank D request next, isn’t that right?” (Angie)

“Yes, that was my intention.” (Kelvin)

If I tell a lie while receiving a request, it will also be exposed.2

Therefore I replied honestly here.

“If I think it is really dangerous, I will run away. I am confident in my escape skills.” (Kelvin)

“Please properly prepare your equipment at least! You haven’t changed your equipment for a week, have you, Kelvin-san?!” (Angie)

Oh, now that she mentioned it, I haven’t bought anything new.

Excessive pride is no good either.

I can gradually change my equipment with the reward money I have received so far.

“Hahaha, I understand. I will get some brand new equipment … that being said, I would like to receive a Rank D request now, please.” (Kelvin)

“Mu~ , did you really understand it? Eeto, Rank D request, it is …” (Angie)

While Angie was confirming the request, a man standing close by called out to me.

“Talking about Rank D, how about a Black Soulknight3 subjugation?” (-)

“Black Soulknight?” (Kelvin)

“Ca-Cashel-san (T/N: >> Kasheru <<), you are back already …!” (Angie)

By the way, who is this guy? Although I have turned up at the guild several times already, I never saw this guy.

Going by the impression of his appearance, he is a blond-haired ikemen with a refreshing air around him. Yet I somehow sense an unpleasant aura emitting from him.

“Yaa, Angie-chan, I’m back.4 I just got back now.” (Cashel)

“… Thanks for your hard work. How did it go with your request?” (Angie)

“Of course, safely resolved. It was a slightly tough fight in the lizardmen’s den though. Hahaha.” (Cashel)

Although Angie had a smile plastered across her whole face, her expression was cramped.



Somehow the mood of the surrounding adventurers became gloomy as well.

“By the way, the buddy over there, didn’t you raise to Rank E just now? Congratulations! Your adventurer-senpai is happy for you!” (Cashel)

“Eeto, who are you?” (Kelvin)

“Otto, I haven’t introduced myself yet. I am Cashel. A Rank D adventurer.” (Cashel)

He was a man acting out a drama in every little way.

The surrounding adventurers started to whispering among themselves. I tried to listen in a bit.

<Saying such things without shame despite having the ability of a Rank B in reality.>

<His purpose in life is to crush rookies after all. I guess he is excited since he can aim for that rookie who took a Rank D request just now.>

<Haa, unfortunately there is no one who is stronger than Cashel in this guild. It might be best to pretend to not have seen anything.>

The adventurers, who drank inside the bar, talked in low voices.

There ought to be Rank D adventurers among them.

As they weren’t meddling in this situation although they had the same rank, it seems the things they said were true.

“My party has talked about subjugating Black Soulknights next. Do you want to come with us? Judging by your appearance, Rank E requests are starting to be no challenge for you any more.” (Cashel)

“P-Pl-Please wait! Certainly that request is Rank D, but those Black Soulknights are a lot stronger than the others! Most likely they are an evolved subspecies. That request is far too dangerous for Kelvin-san!” (Angie)

“Hahaha, Angie-chan, it’s all right. Considering what you talked about a while ago, he cleared the Rank E request by himself, isn’t that so? If he cooperates with us, it will be no problem at all.” (Cashel)

“That is …” (Angie)

Angie ended up holding her tongue back.

“Thanks for the offer, but I won’t join your party. There would be no gain in forming a party with me either.” (Kelvin)

“You don’t have to hold back. You can consider this as a part of life experience, too.” (Cashel)

This guy, he is quite persistent.

I don’t have any interest in him coming over here.

Incidentally, Angie had stopped interfering not too long ago. Seeing this opportunity, I will use [Eyes of Identification] to see just how dangerous this Cashel guy really is.

 

 



Cashel – 25 years old – Human – Magic Swordsman

Level: 34

Title: Murderer

HP: 315/315

MP: 104/104

STR: 156 <+20>

STA: 131

AGI: 126

MATK: 102

LUK: 89

Skill: Sword Mastery (Grade B)

Herculean Strength (Grade E)

White Magic (Grade E)

Spy (Grade E)

Hide (Grade F)

Art of Conversation (Grade E)

Skill points: 0

 

 

The status level can’t be compared to Clotho.

He possesses some disturbing skills as well. And above all else, that title … However it is extremely unlikely for Cashel to be caught, too.

He made me his target quite obviously.

That’s right, we will settle it here.

“That’s so, isn’t it? Well, how about a match then?” (Kelvin)

“Match?” (Cashel)

“Yes, how about a match who will defeat that monster Black Soulknight, we talked about earlier, first? Of course I will challenge it solo.” (Kelvin)

“Oi oi, it isn’t an enemy you can defeat by yourself. As planned I will receive the request and go with my party, is that fine with you?” (Cashel)

“I don’t mind.” (Kelvin)

Am I not walking into the trap that guy set up for me this way?

Cashel is completely aiming for me. Probably he will attack me while I am fighting that Black Soulknight. Or he might attack me while on the journey to the destination, I guess.

I don’t know whether it is because of his pleasure in murdering or to snatch the reward, he is a worthy opponent either way.

More than anything else, I want to show the results of my leveling and training.

Besides, I am quite sure that I want to try it.

『Master, this way of thinking is peculiar to battle maniacs.』 (Merufina)

Shut up.

“Fufu, you seem to be full of yourself. I am fine with the match.” (Cashel)

“Then let’s begin the match. Angie-san, the request, please.” (Kelvin)

“K-Ke-Kelvin-san …” (Angie)

Angie-san, who had turned her sight this way, had a facial expression that seemed to break out into tears any time soon. However I couldn’t afford to pull back here.

Let’s just say that I am finally allowed to test my own strength.

 

 

Translation Notes

1 Not sure yet if it is one of those special kinds of sentence endings in Japanese or if it should be translated by its meaning. I am leaving it as such for now.

2 Don’t remember it, but I think it might be one of the adventurer rules in regards to requests.

3 黒霊騎士 … Kuro rei kishi … for those wondering about it.

4 Tadaima … well, usually known as “I’m home.”
CHAPTER 8 – CASHEL
This chapter is partially written from Cashel’s POV but then again not, kind of a mix. His thoughts are written in italic.

For those wondering: Rank x will be used for requests and adventurer ranks. Grade x will be used for skills (always in [ ]). Just for differentiation.

“… so, how was it? Him.” (Cashel)

After Cashel left the guild, he entered a dark alley.

Two men were waiting for Cashel there. Beforehand those two were mingling with the other adventurers at the bar while having light-hearted talks here and there.

“… Ah, boss.1 That rookie, I think he might be an important person.” (-)

It was small dirty man with the air of a thief around him.

“Rank C going by my [Eyes of Identification]. At least that guy likely got Grade C [Hide] if not more, you know ssu~ .” (-)

“Hee, even though he was brandishing his useless pride in his own skills so recklessly? I wonder what he is hiding.” (Cashel)

“Oi, Cashel. Can we tease him a bit before killing him off? I want to fight him first!” (-)

Next to the small man, there was a lively, muscular giant standing.

Cashel shrugged his shoulders while exclaiming a “Yare yare2 ” as the giant was laughing.

Even though it’s the usual antics, that guy really has no self-restraint.

“Raji (T/N: >> Raji <<), calm down a bit, will ya? He challenged us to a match on his own accord. We should praise his conviction as his senpais.” (Cashel)

“This can also count as guidance, you know ssu~ . Raji, you are not allowed to break yet another one with all your strength ssu~ . Whatever you do, the basics are to be very very gentle ssu~ .” (-)

“I don’t really understand such difficult words! I will merely do him in just like always.” (Raji)

“As always a muscle-brain ssu~ …” (-)

Cashel ran across those two about half a year ago.

While they were raiding and scavenging a certain village, although it was by coincidence he happened to pass by and thus their cooperation began.

To begin with, Cashel himself was at that time also searching for prey in that area.

Although he is an adventurer, he also carries an aspect of deriving pleasure from murdering others.

Occasionally he used his well-featured outer appearance and at other times he displayed his mastery of the sword in front of them as a lure. Since he possessed the skills [Spy] and [Hide] he smoothly coerced them while hiding his true intentions.

The name of the small man is Gimul (T/N: >> Gimuru <<).

He was a member of a famous band of thieves before the group was annihilated in a fight with a high-ranking adventurer.

Being aware of the nature of that adventurer due to his [Eyes of Identification], he escaped before anyone else could.

Though it was sly, this swift action saved his life.



From then on he lived his life filled with a void every day.

Before he ran away, he took out one knife.

He realized that the means of him surviving was only one way.

The giant man was Raji.

By nature, he was a mercenary wandering the battlefields in his search for blood.

However, he not only slaughtered the enemy but occasionally ordinary citizens as well. During war time both countries agreed to put him on the wanted list for his brutal nature.

Although it was also amusing to kill the bounty hunters who came for his head, it gradually became unpleasant.

Heading towards far off lands, he moved from nation to nation.

Those three different characters met in that village in the end.

Without even the time for the guild and nation to send reinforcements, they destroyed the village completely.

Leaving no more than a gruesome scene behind, Cashel used [Hide] on the thing resembling a mountain of corpses.

Although it would be exposed due to the level of the skill being Grade F, if [Eyes of Identification] were to be used, it was a temporary solution until they could dispose of it.

Having found kindred spirits, the three proceeded to agree on a mutual goal they could do together while keeping their different conduct.



As it was quite hilarious that their base was the town Pazu they enjoyed themselves while not leaving a trail of their deeds. Recently they were overdoing it though.

A rumor that Cashel was abusing his position as an adventurer to hunt rookies had begun to spread.

From that time onwards it went so far that suspicious looks were directed at Cashel wherever he went. Occasionally Gimul and Raji simply considered it to be all right to abandon Cashel.

That didn’t mean they would reveal his actions to the public right away though. When the time was ripe, they would sell out Cashel in order to gain the achievement of catching him by themselves …

Recently Kelvin came to the town Pazu. Cashel was absent on a campaign. Gimul and Raji spent their days drinking in the bar.

It was just a matter of time before they would target Kelvin who was completing requests consecutively in a short amount of time.

“Still, going ahead and causing us work … to actually defeat a Black Soulknight solo … I hate it that I don’t know what he is thinking. What do you think?”

“No idea. I wonder if he is a simpleton confident in his own victory? Not that it would make any difference.”

“Good! Good! Defeating him will be well worth it!” (Raji)

“… Maa, at that time I will leave it to you, Raji.” (Gimul)

Gimul and Raji didn’t notice.

Cashel had planned to use this match to get rid of them to begin with.

Cashel had realized it himself, too.

It wouldn’t be unusual for himself to be accused of the crime of hunting rookies.

The place the Black Soulknights appeared was an old castle filled with evil spirits classifying it as a Rank D dungeon.

He was told that the Black Soulknights appeared inside the deepest part of the castle. Of those drawn in and those gathered by the guild to tackle the Rank D request, no one has returned as a result.

On that occasion Cashel went on an expedition and using his [Spy] skill he scouted the area. Quite obviously it wasn’t just a Black Soulknight.

Let’s use that guy to remove the nuisances.

Cashel refined his plan to use the rookie hunt as bait.

Unlike the rookie adventurer, those three had miscalculated. After all they didn’t particularly pay any attention to him and neither were they vigilant towards him.

At the point of time when Gimul’s [Eyes of Identification] were resisted, they ought to have noticed it.

For him to be endowed with skills far beyond Grade C.

Translation Notes

1 danna … can mean a lot of things, I opted for boss here as it fits the setting perfectly.

2 exclamation of relief or disappointment, border line to a sfx but well not quite.
After receiving the request, Kelvin left the guild and went towards the store in order to get new weapons and armor.

As he had saved up a few funds from doing Rank E requests as is, it ended up this way. He wanted to keep his promise to Angie-san.

He sold the wood rod and instead got a new green wand. The same happened to his old armor, he replaced his travelers equipment with a magic robe.

His new wand had a good affinity with green magic, so he anticipated to receive a magic boost from it.

“For the time being I am paying attention to the three guys with [Presence Perception]. But it’s strange that they didn’t start it inside the town.” (Kelvin)

『Because there are too many risks involved, you know. I think they will try to attack us in the dungeon.』 (Merufina)

[Presence Perception] is a skill that lets me vaguely feel the presence of living things in my direct surroundings.

However, if you have once identified and remembered someone’s signature, it became also possible to track their whereabouts and be aware of their situation, if you paid attention to it.

Acquiring this skill is a good countermeasure against [Spy]. It was an unexpected gain.

I had been aware of the fact that his comrades were in the adventurer’s bar beforehand.

After all I had checked the statuses of every adventurer in there using my [Eyes of Identification] in advance.

In the case it was a dangerous person I remembered their status and face in order to work out a plan for countermeasures if necessary.

Among those there were some especially dangerous individuals. Those guys were Gimul and Raji, who drank sake everyday in the bar.

Both, their levels and statuses, were far superior to the other adventurers.

And, the deciding factor was that both had the same kind of title as in Cashel’s case.

Gimul’s was Villain and Raji’s was Multicide.1

Because those two were everyday sitting together gulping down sake, I was looking out for them even if it was something unpleasant to do.

『Incidentally, when Cashel came calling out to us, those two were the quickest to notice it.』 (Merufina)

“Ah, especially Gimul, because he has Grade C [Eyes of Identification]. It’s a good thing that I raised [Hide] early on.” (Kelvin)

At the time I finished the request on the first day, I was quite intent on obtaining that skill.

If I had been just a bit slower, it might have lead to a serious disadvantage now.

However, I didn’t expect another guy who had [Eyes of Identification] besides me to join in either.

It was a riddle why he had stayed idle without saying anything.

Even if he had such a title, wouldn’t it have been in vain to try having him arrested unless he was caught red-handed?

“Looking at the extent of their statuses, it feels like Raji is a combat professional while Gimul’s duty is to supports with reconnaissance.”(Kelvin)

Gimul – 19 years old – Human – Thief

Level: 27

Title: Villain

HP: 92/92

MP: 36/36

STR: 84

STA: 81

AGI: 132

MATK: 30



LUK: 29

Skills:

Throwing (Grade E)

Eyes of Identification (Grade C)

Hide Detection (Grade C)

Skill points: 6

Raji – 33 years old – Human – Berserker

Level: 36

Title: Multicide

HP: 370/370

MP: 0/0

STR: 230 <+40>

STA: 169 <+40>

AGI: 37

MATK: 37

LUK: 51

Skills:



Martial Arts (Grade C)

Herculean Strength (Grade D)

Iron Wall (Grade D)

Natural Recovery (Grade F)

Skill points: 2

I see … at any rate, let’s head towards the Old Castle of Evil Spirits.

It seems those three won’t take any action until I start to make my move.

It’s not a situation where waiting for a long time will resolve it with a victory.

Traveling north across the forest where I woke up for the first time in this world, the Old Castle of Evil Spirits was a short walk ahead following an animal trail.

Just a little while ago this Rank D dungeon was an activity point for adventurers who had the necessary skills. Since the Black Soulknight appeared its popularity disappeared over night.

For that reason, I am the only person at this dungeon right now.

It seems Cashel’s party was still traveling within the forest.

“Be that as it may, not a single monster with the undead attribute came out …” (Kelvin)

I complain while using [Wind] to fly up.

『Isn’t that an attribute you are weak against, Master?』 (Merufina)

“I don’t like to look at those things.” (Kelvin)

In this dungeon there were many monsters such as zombies and spirits. Their typical appearance wasn’t very good to look at.

Mainly it was a matter of emotions though.

It’s not as bad that I am trembling, but disgusting things remain disgusting.

Maa, as I advance I will get used to this feeling, too,  and it will fade away.

Because I am also able to destroy them by myself, Clotho’s turn hasn’t come up yet.

Currently it was on standby within me.

Incidentally, after defeating several tens of zombies, I arrived before a huge door.

“… I don’t want to enter.” (Kelvin)

I felt a powerful presence behind that huge door in front of me.

“Cashel’s party … did they enter this dungeon just now? If they follow the path where I just cleared all monsters, they will arrive here in about 5 minutes.” (Kelvin)

『Their strategy is to attack Master in a pincer attack while Master is fighting the Black Soulknight?』 (Merufina)

Surveying the vicinity a bit, Kelvin pondered.

In front of the huge door there was a medium-sized room. Behind him there was nothing but the passageway he used to arrive here.

“Alright, let’s begin the preliminary arrangements.” (Kelvin)

 

 

Translation Notes

1 The original would be someone who slaughtered masses of people/ someone doing atrocities. Well I opted against Mass Murderer cause it sounded too plain! ;)
CHAPTER 10 – TRAP
After the preparations were done, I waited for a little while.

Then Cashel’s party finally arrived at the inner room I am waiting at.

“Ah, Cashel-san arrived, too, huh? Those two gentlemen over there are members of your party, right? Somehow it seems that on the other side of that huge door the Black Soulknight is laying in wait.” (Kelvin)

“Although it was a match to determine who would subjugate it first, you went through the trouble of waiting for us? Very gentlemanly, aren’t you?” (Cashel)

Did I go contrary to Cashel’s expectations? He wears a slightly surprised expression.

Just as Merufina had declared a little while ago, obviously they had planned to assault me while I was fighting the Black Soulknight. Or maybe they planned to pick the time when I was neglecting my back during the combat.

For the person who challenged them to the match himself to wait for them, they didn’t seem to have considered that possibility at all.

“It appears that the Black Soulknight is restricted as long you don’t go on the other side of the door. Because strangely it didn’t come to attack over here.” (Kelvin)

Kii….

While saying this, the door opened a little.

Through the gap in the door a giant in a daunting pose wearing a jet black full plate armor could be seen.

In his hand he held an all black bastard sword. 1

Rather than waiting for its prey to come, it was plainly obvious that it was protecting something.

“And, what? Since it is impossible for you to defeat it by yourself after all, you want to cooperate with us?!” (Raji)

Raji raised his voice.

I want him to stop because his loud voice rings in the ears in this airtight space.

“Not quite correct. Of course, I will win the match. However, if someone were to interfere in my fight with the Black Soulknight, it would be troublesome. No, maybe I should rather say I would be troubled if you were to defeat the Black Soulknight?” (Kelvin)

I stopped using keigo.2 As I returned to using casual speech, the three people slowly began to enter combat stances.

Cashel and Raji advanced as vanguards while Gimul fell back to the rear.

“… Danna, this bastard already knew about us ssu~” (Gimul)

“Fuu, noticing it and yet still approaching us solo, not even comprehending the significance of that. Were you employed by the guild? Or, are you aiming for Raji’s3bounty?” (Cashel)

“Oh no, I am just concerned about the match. To begin with, the first ones to come charging are you guys, don’t you agree?” (Kelvin)

“Even then, you lured us her for the purpose of trapping us, no? The reason for you pretending to be a rookie was to gain so many achievements and to get us interested in your case.” (Cashel)

“You, what a guy … Indeed! Your skill rank is bound to be high!” (Raji)

Somehow they deepened their misunderstanding of the conversation … it must be because the skill is high!

『The situation isn’t bad. Please go ahead and make some sort of decision.』(Merufina)

hei hei 4

“Maa, either of them is fine. Although you planned to let me walk into your trap, it is you guys who walked into my trap. It’s merely such a story.” (Kelvin)

“Hehe, newcomer-danna, if you are going to pick a place, isn’t this a slightly poor location? There is nothing but the entrance and exit in the back and behind this huge door there is the Black Soulknight. On top of that, the situation at this moment is 3 versus 1. That’s plenty disadvantageous, no?” (Raji)

Ah, that’s right.

As it is right now, that is, but …

“Isn’t it enough of this tedious talk? You are merely scared, the huge oaf over there, hurry up and start the fight.” (Kelvin)

“Who is scared in this case, eh !? Lowly people such as magicians are just talking big lies! So, bye bye!” (Raji)

Raji heads in a straight line for me.

Just as I thought, he was provoked with the cheap provocations.

Obvious as daylight, a simple-minded person.

“Raji! Don’t get provoked!” (Cashel)



Cashel yelled right away, but it was too late.

The magic I prepared in advanced began its invocation.

“Uo !?” (Raji)

Up until just now the ground was empty, but suddenly it changed into a swamp restricting Raji’s legs.

“You son of a bitch! What have you done?!” (Raji)

“Well, I am sure you want to know what the hell I have done.” (Kelvin)

There is no need to go “What!” He was welcomed by the Grade D green magic [Fetters of quagmire – Mud Bind] which was concealed with [Hide].

This magic changes the foothold to a bottomless quagmire snatching away the mobility of your opponent.

Strictly speaking, the grounds surface changed into a quagmire merely below the target. Thus there are many situations where it ends up being exposed, for example if the one in duty of support in a party used magic. The concealment this time wasn’t seen through and because of his ego he went straight into the trap by his own accord.

“This is … [Hide]?” (Cashel)

“Ah, it wasn’t caught by my [Hide Detection] either ssu~” (Gimul)

Maa, with the degree of Grade C it only has a slim chance to be seen through.

Considering this, [Hide] is a quite decent skill actually.

“Shit, such a degree of quagmire. Having my physical strength …!” (Raji)

“You better don’t try to move by force. After all it is bottomless.” (Kelvin)

While giving this advice, I shot [Wind] at each of the three people.

Cashel advanced while avoiding it. He headed towards me as he made a detour around the quagmire.

Although Raji was hit, he strangely didn’t receive any damage.



Gimul was …

“Oi, Gimul, you bastard, don’t just run away!” (Raji)

“Hehe, don’t hate me danna, Raji, before I am crushed to death it’s easier to leave. That newcomer-san is bad news. That’s what my instinct tells me ssu~ . So long!” (Gimul)

『Master, Gimul has begun to escape. Cashel will reach you in about 10 seconds.』(Merufina)

I know.

Even so, I had expected this to happen.

“Block the passage, Clotho” (Kelvin)

My magic range extends from this room until the passageway.

Therefore it is possible to summon Clotho in the back of Cashel’s party.

“Wh-What did you do!?” (Gimul)

Casting its light. the magic square was instantly deployed at the entrance to the passageway.

Being on guard, Gimul stopped.

As the light faded, Gimul saw the slime which wasn’t there before.

Having the same degree of height as Raji, it was an enormous slime.

Clotho – 0 years old – Gender: none – Slime Gluttonia (T/N: >> Gurantonia <<)

Level: 12

Title: The one who eats until exhaustion

HP: 465/465 <+100>

MP: 176/176 <+100>

STR: 223 <+100>

STA: 231 <+100>

AGI: 196 <+100>

MATK: 180 <+100>

LUK: 191 <+100>

Skills:

Overeating (Unique Skill) (T/N: !!!!!!!!!! Are you a frigging spider? xD)

Absorption (Grade D)

Storage (Grade B)

Stun Reduction by half

Buffs: Summoning Technique / Mana Supply (Grade S)

Skill points: 50

Translation Notes

1 Taiken … can also mean large sword and long sword so could be a broadsword or a bastard sword as well. I went with bastard sword for this one.

2 Polite speech

3 The author wrote Raji’s group here, but as far as I know neither Cashel nor Gimul got bounties on their heads, so I went with singular here.

4 yea yea
CHAPTER 11 – SLIME GLUTTONIA
 

Just a few days ago Clotho evolved into a different slime.

As usual we took a subjugation request, obviously.

It happened when Clotho was absorbing the monster he had defeated.

“Well then, with this today’s request is finished successfully, too … Clotho, oi, what’s wrong?” (Kelvin)

Clotho had abruptly stopped moving.

Its slime body entered a state of continuous trembling *puru puru*. Even calling out to it, didn’t cause it to move at all.

Additionally, using the communication network didn’t yield any results either as it didn’t react to anything.

“Are you alright, Clotho !?” (Kelvin)

『Master, Clotho has started to evolve.』 (Merufina)

“Evolution … the thing you talked about before?” (Kelvin)

『Yes. Although I don’t understand what has become the trigger for it yet. Let’s watch the situation for now.』 (Merufina)

Merufina is correct. I will also watch it.

Honestly, I am terribly worried and the suspense is killing me.

『It should be anytime now.』 (Merufina)

As Merufina said so, Clotho’s body began to radiate a bright light.

The light settled down and Clotho’s body became visible … Are, what’s up with this kind of body size …

“C-Cl-Clotho, you became quite huge …” (Kelvin)

Previously Clotho’s height approximately reached to my knee, but now it easily exceeds my full stature because of its growth.

Even if it was called a growth period, there should be a limit to it, I would think.

『… Slime Gluttonia』 (Merufina)

“That’s the species Clotho evolved into?” (Kelvin)

Remembering it, I used my [Eyes of Identification] to retrieve Clotho’s status.

“Incredible, all statuses across the board were risen, weren’t they? … This [Overeating] skill, although it is called an unique skill, what’s the difference to the regular skills?” (Kelvin)

『Every race has an unique skill. Or a chosen original skill which is only owned by the individual. Contrary to a regular skill, those skills manifest a powerful effect. The new [Overeating] skill Clotho has just acquired apparently is a skill that allows it to eat a portion of its target’s status to absorb it into it’s own status.』 (Merufina)

Then in such a situation, wouldn’t it become absurdly powerful in proportion to eating without limit?

Up until now, Clotho has absorbed all the monsters we defeated for the subjugation requests. That would result in its status to raise each time it has absorbed a monster.

In theory it’s the advent of the strongest Clotho!

『This time Clotho has evolved into the species1 “Slime Gluttonia.” A monster that appeared several hundred years ago in the Water nation Toularge (T/N: >> Toraji <<). Although Clotho is still very young, the monster that appeared at Toularge was an adult. Toularge was a magic nation having dozens of court magicians specialized in Blue magic. No matter what grand magic was used, the Slime Gluttonia ate it all in order to extinguish it. Toularge was driven to partial destruction just before a hero incidentally appeared who defeated the slime.』 (Merufina)

It seems as if Clotho is a Maou … also, Heroes exist here after all.

『In reality, Slime Gluttonia’s are passed on as semi-Maou class in history records. As for the case of heroes, they exist in this age as well. Given that they were transferred to this world just a while ago.』 (Merufina)

“… Hai? 2 ” (kelvin)



『Because the priestess of the Divine Empire Delamis (T/N: >> Deramisu <<) performed the ceremony of Otherworld Summoning. Doesn’t it feel like it would be currently a good time to do so? It’s difficult to gather good looking men and women.』 (Merufina)

“You, such a dreadful way to gloss over the main point without any hesitation … Maa, going with the flow, is there some kind of template of the Maou revival?” (Kelvin)

『Something along those lines. Master, please be relieved as these affairs have absolutely no relation to you. Because I am tired of such events as well, it’s better to not be involved with them, please.』 (Merufina)

“Ah, I see …” (Kelvin)

We will wait-and-see if I am not related to this.

The situation with Clotho is more important now.

There will be a celebration today!

◆◇◆◇◆

“W-Wh-What’s this slime? … I don’t know this species ssu~ !” (Gimul)

Clotho appeared in front of his eyes, throwing Gimul into extreme confusion.

Even so, that was only natural, as he used his [Eyes of Identification] to see the status of Clotho.

An unknown species boasting status values far above his own with an unique skill in spite of its low level … furthermore buffed with something like the Summoning Technique.

Without sufficiently grasping what he was seeing, he ended up in total confusion.

“Oi, Gimul, what’s wrong! What’s with this slime!?” (Raji)

“Gimul, fall back! You are too close to the monster!” (Cashel)

Cashel had stopped. Raji raised his voice while struggling with the quagmire. Gimul couldn’t stop his trembling.

“Clotho, do it” (Kelvin)



While paying attention to Cashel, I give Clotho the order.

Clotho transformed a part of his body into a whip and attacked Gimul.

Naturally, Gimul wasn’t able to react.

“Gu … Ha …” (Gimul)

His body received Clotho’s attack. It blew him away until he hit the wall.

He was only breathing faintly already.

“Maa, with an endurance of 81 that should be expected.” (Kelvin)

“You, even [Eyes of Identification] too …” (Cashel)

Cashel turned to me as he prepared his sword.

“Oi oi, your expression is changing for the worse, Cashel-senpai.” (Kelvin)

“Gu …” (Raji)

For a brief moment a loud sound reverberated.

It was Raji.

“Uoooo! <Furious Fist of Ogre’s Wrath3 > ooooo !” (Raji)

A red aura was wrapped around Raji’s fist as he stroke the quagmire.

The swamp swallowing him up to his knees evaporated.

In Raji’s eyes Clotho was reflected. He was laughing happily just like a child.

“Cashe~~~l! I will keep this slime company! You can do something about the man!” (Raji)

“… Considering your muscle-brain, it is an appropriate decision. I will manage somehow.” (Cashel)

Tsk, Cashel has regained his calm, huh?

That Raji is a battle maniac with a haphazard behaviour. It seems that this time it took a troublesome direction.

『You were a little too self-conceited. You should have finished him off while he was bound by the quagmire.』 (Merufina)

Ah, that’s my miss.

If you seal someone, then seal them completely. If you do someone in, then do them in completely.

After acquiring the [Courage] skill, I thought it would be fine, but I guess there is still some hesitation.

It is necessary to reflect on this.

“Fuu, then, it’s time to redeem myself, huh?” (Kelvin)

“What’s the problem? It may be difficult, but will you let me receive your full power? Rookie-san.” (Cashel)

“Ah, I’d like to do that but that would be troublesome, too. I will allow you practice with a partner of higher skill, Cashel-senpai” (Kelvin) (T/N: *fufufu*)

Translation Notes

1 Merufina calls it a species/race/family … but to me it sounds more like a subspecies. I will leave the sub- away for the moment even though I find it a bit odd.

2 Usually it would be “Yes?” but in English “What?” would fit much better, so I left the original.

3 怒鬼烈拳 … for those interested.
CHAPTER 12 – CONCLUSION
“Seii! <Furious Kick of Ogre’s Wrath> uuu !!!” (Raji)

Raji clad his right leg in red aura and attacked Clotho with a roundhouse kick using his entire body’s force.

It was a serious attack of a Rank B adventurer possessing true strength having enough power to blow a hole into the castle’s walls.

The pressure exerted resembled the power used to break Kelvin’s bottomless swamp he had conjured with Mud Bind.

It seems he learned this skill as an adventurer. Taking it on from the front would lead to an instant death with little chance to escape that fate.

Thinking of it as he had forged his [Martial Art] skill in his time as a mercenary, you could only call it a finishing move.

*poyon* …

The power of that finishing move struck Clotho’s body while giving off a stupid sound at the same time. It ended up being completely absorbed.

It was the effect of the skill [Stun Reduction by Half] Clotho possessed.

Thus, Raji’s compatibility towards Clotho was overwhelmingly bad.

“You shitty eyeball ! What’s this slime’s body made of !? My technique had no effect at all !” (Raji)

If Gimul had told Raji about Clotho’s status he had read by using [Eyes of Identification], he would have known about the reason for that.

Now there was no way for him to be aware of it though.

From the start Raji wasn’t someone who was overly knowledgeable about the details of skills.

“Gu, not yet !” (Raji)

Just like Clotho dealt with Gimul, it transformed a part of its body into a whip and began to attack Raji.

However, the number of whips had increased to 4.

The attacks approached Raji from all four directions. Focusing on defense, Raji’s somehow managed to endure the current situation by parrying the attacks.

The choice to avoid them didn’t even exist.

Clotho also rivaled Raji in physical strength and endurance. However, there was a hopeless difference in speed.

Consequently, there was nothing but Raji’s situation getting gradually worse and worse.

While being agitated, Raji suddenly threw himself on the ground in order to get out of the range of Clotho’s body whips.

Raju retreated from that body in the opposite direction.

“… What will you do now?” (Raji)

Following his line of sight, there was a quagmire ahead.

Incidentally comparing it to the size of Raji, it was very small.

Clotho absorbed the quagmire Kelvin had created with magic earlier.

—– In that case, Clotho transform the [Fetters of Quagmire – Mud Bind] that was torn earlier into nourishment for yourself.

Clotho faithfully followed Kelvin’s order and absorbed the magic power of Mud Bind.

The tiny damage it had received was completely healed. The excess magic power was stored away in [Storage].

Besides storing magic power this skill [Storage] was able to hold onto items, weapons and armor, so to speak it was an Item Box.

Furthermore it was possible for Clotho to store a part of its body in it to adjust the size of its own body in such manner.

“You, your power has also increased !?” (Raji)

The attacks of the whips further gained in strength. At last Raji became unable to move his body.

By now Raji was in a condition of being barely alive.

Seeing this chance, Clotho used its whips to entwine the limbs of Raji and thus sealed his movement.

It jumped up in a big way as is.

“I, I give uuuuuuuuup !!!” (Raji)

The large body crashed onto Raji.

Taking the full brunt Raji’s HP dropped to 0. Without care Clotho began to devour him … (T/N: *fufufufu*)

 

◆◇◆◇◆

 

Cashel brandished his beloved sword and casted the Grade E White magic [Auspicious(TN: >> Osupishasu <<) Luck ] 1 on himself.

This magic granted the target automatic recovery and added a weak <Luck Up>.

It was in order to increase the advantage in combat even if it was just a little. It was a popular tactic to use magic to apply strengthening to oneself.

In fact, Kelvin finished casting the Grade D Green magic [Wind Speed – Sonic Boots] on himself increasing his agility.

For adventurers having a limit on available skill points, they tended to focus on improving one skill.

Rather than obtaining a great number of Grade F skills, there also were a lot more benefits in the method of having one superior skill.

There were some people obtaining nothing but Grade F skills as well, but in reality there was a limit to how many skills you were able to possess.

That limit differed for each person, some could have 10 while others were able to have 20, too.

However, it was practically impossible to know the limit without actually testing it out.



Cashel was what the society would call a pretending prodigy considering the upper limit of the skill points he had earned.

But, he was still doing quite well as he had ranked up to Rank B.

That was the extent of his talent. However, he wasn’t able to breach the wall called Rank A.

He single-mindedly focused on leveling his [Sword Mastery] up until now, after having recently racked his brains about what to do.

Thinking about it, he might also have reached the title “Murderer” by aiming to gain vast amounts of experience.

This time he had planned to kill Gimul and Raji as well. Most likely that was the main reason for doing it.

Of course, because of Kelvin all his plans would come to nothing in the end.

“You are a monster trainer … no, a summoner, right?” (Cashel)

“… Ah, that’s right” (Kelvin)

“Hahaha, I have been an adventurer for a long time, but this is the first time I see one myself. That’s the summoning technique, huh? I see, it’s a powerful skill.” (Cashel)

Cashel nodded as if he was agreeing to something.

“If that’s the case, my level will increase some more if I defeat you, who holds this skill.” (Cashel)

“You, have you been murdering all this time for such a reason?” (Kelvin)

“It’s a cruel method, isn’t it? Killing people gives you a lot more experience than defeating monsters. And if it is a high level adventurer even more so.” (Cashel)

“You, aren’t you actually avoiding fighting those who are stronger than you?” (Kelvin)

“… What was that?” (Cashel)

The facial expression of Cashel, who was smiling up until now, became clouded.

“Didn’t you remain as a Rank D adventurer because you were scared of monsters that are stronger than you? Didn’t you only target rookie-adventurers because you were trembling in fear facing people who are stronger than you?” (Kelvin)

“D-Do-Don’t s-spout such f-fo-foolishness! For me such …” (Cashel)

“Maa, it seems you are not aware of it yourself. But I can’t accept that there are victims because of you.” (Kelvin)

Kelvin raised his wand.

“I am burning to win over those who are stronger than me. Won’t I stay a weakling forever, if I can’t do this much?” (Kelvin) 2

“Shut up! I’m not in denial! Aaaahh !!!” (Cashel)

Has he lost his cool? Cashel charged ahead with all his might.

He is trying to make up his naivety with guts.

He slipped right under Kelvin’s nose swiftly like the wind getting as close as point blank.



“Show me if you can dodge this! <Swift Sword of the Mist> 3 !” (Cashel)

Cashel used his secret skill <Swift Sword of the Mist>.

The sword disappeared and furthermore the sword assaulted Kelvin in an instant. Cashel himself switched into his [Spy] state in order to hit the target hidden next to it. At least, it was supposed to happen like this.

“Barrier … is it!?” (Cashel)

Before Cashel could swing down his sword, a huge, seriously strong barrier appeared reaching all the way to the high ceiling of the inner room.

It was the Rank C Green magic [Absolute Castle Wall of the Precipice 4 – Ground Rampart (T/N: >> Asuranpato <<)] belonging to the top-ranking defensive magic types.

As its durability exceeded a weaker castle wall, Cashel’s sword strike ended up losing all its meaning.

“This, it’s just like an earth wall!” (Cashel)

“Thanks to this wall you lost sight of me though.” (Kelvin)

“You …” (Cashel)

After Kelvin cast [Absolute Castle Wall of the Precipice – Ground Rampart], it was already too late for Cashel to come over from his side to Kelvin’s side.

While Cashel’s attention was bound to the wall in front of him, Kelvin used [Wind Speed – Sonic Boots] to boost his agility reaching a terrifying level of speed.

It wasn’t possible to perceive his movements anymore either.

“… the heck, you …” (Cashel)

Cashel eagerly turned around.

The last thing he saw was the tempest bastard sword — imitating its shape was the wand clad in surging winds.

With one swing of the sword Cashel was cut into two alongside the [Absolute Castle Wall of the Precipice – Ground Rampart].

Choosing the Grade A Green magic [Supreme Sword of the Insane Whirlwind 5 – Vortex Edge] spelled the end of the fight.

“Un, after all the sword of an amateur is no good. It looks like I have to get the [Sword Mastery] skill, huh?” (Kelvin)

That voice was the only sound left remaining.

 

 

 

Kelvin – 23 years old – male – Human – Summoner

Level: 17

Title: none

HP: 175/175

MP: 350/350 <-100 at the time Clotho is summoned, Merufina?>

STR: 38

STA: 39

AGI: 106

MATK: 172

LUK: 140

Skills:

Summoning (Grade S) Open Slots: 8

Eyes of Identification (Grade S)

Green Magic (Grade A)

Presence Perception (Grade D)

Hide (Grade B)

Courage (Grade C)

Army Commander (Grade B)

Growth rate x2

Skill points x2

Experience sharing

 

 

Translation Notes

1 No idea how to smartly spell it any other way. I split the katakana, got the spelling of the various parts and combined them again.

2 Kelvin expresses what he assesses Cashel to be thinking.

3 霞迅剣 for those wanting to know.

4 絶崖城壁 for those having a better idea.

5 狂飆の覇剣
第１３話　黒霊騎士
Chapter 13 Black Soul Knight

カシェルとの戦闘を終え、俺はクロトと合流した。
After finishing the battle with Cashel, I joined Clotho.

「クロトも無事のようだな」
“Clotho seems to be safe”

三人組の最後の一人であるギムルの倒れる場所へ進む。既にギムルは息絶えたようだ。
I advance to the place where Gimuru which is last one of group of 3 falls down to. Gimuru seemed to already cease to breathe.

「めぼしい物は…… カシェルの剣くらいか。クロト、死体を吸収してくれ。あと、ＭＰ回復薬も出してくれ」
“The valuable thing…… the sword of Cashel? Clotho, absorb the corpse. And take out also an MP recovery potion.

鑑定すると、カシェルの剣はＣ級武器“ミスリルソード”だと判った。特殊な効果はないが、攻撃力が高く結構良い剣のようだ。クロトに保管しておいてもらおう。ちなみに俺が装備している深緑の杖とマジックローブはＥ級だ。低級依頼を10回達成したところで、高級品を買える訳がないのだ。
When appraised, it has been understood, the sword of Cashel is class C weapon “[Mithril Sword]”. Though there is no special effect, the offensive power of the sword is high and considerably good. I will have Clotho keep it. By the way magic robe and cane of jade that I is equipped is class E. In the place where a low request was achieved ten times, there is no reason that can buy quality goods(TLN:doesn’t makes much sense for me).

クロトがカシェルとギムルの亡骸を吸収している間に、クロトの保管に入れていた回復薬を飲んでＭＰを回復させる。カシェルとの戦いは結果を見れば圧勝であったが、実の所それほど余裕はなかった。煽りに煽って激昂させもしたが、ステータス面で負ける部分も多く、スキルに頼った戦い方になってしまった。
While Clotho has absorbed remains of Cashel and Gimuru, MP is recovered taking the recovery potion put in Clotho’s storage. Although the fight against Cashel was overwhelming victory and if you look at the results, actually there is no room to spare. Though it fuels and it boiled to the fuel, The part defeated on the status side is many, too, It has become how that relies on the skill to fight(TLN:I don’t get this).

『カシェルに色々仰っていましたが、あなた様もそれほど強者と戦ったことありませんよね？』
“I have various things to say to Cashel, you have not fought against a strong man that much too?”

「これから戦う予定なんですよー」
“I am going to fight from now on”

そう、ここまでは前哨戦。これからが本番だ。扉の隙間から鑑定眼で確認したが、これから戦う悪霊の古城のボス・黒霊騎士は俺達よりも格上のモンスターだ。
So, even here is a skirmish. I confirmed it with appraisal from the gap of the door, after this I have to fight the old castle of evil spirit’s black soul knight – a monster that is higher rank than us.

＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝
ジェラール　138歳　男　黒霊騎士長　暗黒騎士
Gerard – 138 years old – Male – black soul knight chief – Dark knight
レベル：53
Level: 53
称号　：憂国の守護者
Title: Guardian of Patriotism
ＨＰ　：647/647
ＭＰ　：162/162
筋力(Physical Strength)　：478（+160）
耐久(Endurance)　：490（+160）
敏捷(Agility)　：163
魔力(Magic Power)　：112
幸運(Luck)　：97
スキル：忠誠（固有スキル）
Skills: Loyalty (inherent skill)
剣術（Ａ級） Fencing (Class A)
剛力（Ｂ級） Herculean strength (Class B)
鉄壁（Ｂ級） Impregnable guard (Class B)
心眼（Ｃ級） The mind’s eye (Class C)
軍団指揮（Ｂ級） Army corps command(B class)



闇属性半減 Darkness attribute reduction by half
スキルポイント (Skill points)：178
＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝

「何というか、すごく仲間にしたいな！」
“What do you say, I want to make a friend very much!”
『緊張感の欠片もありませんね』
“There is not the fragment of the feeling of strain, too”

メルフィーナのツッコミはさて置き、今回の相手はネームドモンスター。名前持ちだ。事前に調査した情報によると、ネームドモンスターは知性があり、人語を話す個体もいると言う。代表的なのはドラゴン種だ。他にも人型は高確率で話すって書いてあったっけな。
Let’s leave Tsukkomi of Merufi-na, the other party is a named monster. It is name durability(TLN: Gerard?). According to the information that I investigated beforehand, named monsters are intelligent, it is said that there is an individual that speaks the human speech, too. The typical one is the dragon kind. It is also written that humanoids have high probability to speak.

『知性あるモンスターとの契約は一筋縄ではありません。弱らせるだけでなく、あなた様を認めさせなければなりません』
“Contract with the intelligent monster is not tricky. Only not weakening, but also recognize you”

認めさせる、か。一概に戦って勝利だけでは済みそうにないな。
I need to be recognized? A war does not seem to get off only with victory unconditionally(TLN: even if he won by any means, something like that).

『調教師にも言えることですが、レベルの低いモンスターを育て、進化させるのが一般的です。いきなりボスを配下にしようとする者はいません』
“It is normal to trainers to raise low-ranked monster. Suddenly trying to make a boss into a subordinate.”
「クロトをブルースライムから進化させるのと同じか」
“Is it the same as evolve Clotho from the blue slime?”
『クロトの進化は異例なのですが…… その認識でよろしいかと』
“The evolution of Clotho is exceptional … … Is it all right by the recognition?”



「まあ、無理かどうかはやってみないと分からんよ」
“Well, we won’t know wether if it will work if we don’t try”
クロトに向き直る。
I turn toward Clotho.

「クロト、黒霊騎士は俺にとって、お前にとっても初めての強敵だ。出し惜しみはするな」
“Clotho, the black soul knight for me, is the first powerful enemy for you. Do not be stingy.” (TLN: sounds like don’t hold back or something)

俺とクロトに強化魔法を重ね掛けする。俺の魔力の高さなら暫くは効果が続くだろう。それが終われば準備万端だ。クロトを背後に控えさせ、大扉を開いていく。黒霊騎士は先程と全く同じ装いだ。漆黒の大剣を地面に突き刺し、後方にある王座を護る様に仁王立ち。揺らがないその様は、モンスターではなく本物の騎士のようだ。
I piled up reinforcement magic to me and Clotho. With my high level of magical power the effect might last a little bit longer. If it is over; completely. I let Clotho wait in the rear and open the large door. Black soul knight’s attire is exactly the same as earlier. A large sword of the jet black is thrust into ground, and in imposing stance as protecting the throne at the back(I didn’t get this part). The state not to shake is like the genuine knight not a monster.

黒霊騎士を見据えながら、王座へとゆっくりと歩いて行く。ちょうど部屋の半ばまで来た辺りで、渋い声が響いた。
I walk to throne slowly while staring on the black soul knight. In the area where I came to until the middle of the room, a quiet voice just sounded.

「何用だ」
“State your business” (TLN: more of “why are you here?”)

意外にもダンディーな声で少し驚いた。胆力のスキルがなければ顔に出ていたかもしれない。
I was surprised at an unexpectedly dandy voice a little. It might be reflected on a face without my skill of the courage.

「やっと喋ってくれたか。ここまで歩いてくるまで微動だにしないから心配したぞ」
“Did you finally talk? I was worried because you didn’t moved until I walked”
「いらぬ世話だ。城の最奥までやって来て迷子ということはあるまい、何用だ」
“Unnecessary care. A lost child came in the deepest part of the castle, state your business”
「お前を討伐に…… ってのが最初の目的だったんだが、気が変わったんだ。俺は召喚士のケルヴィン、お前と契約したい」
“For your subjugation… is what supposed to be my purpose but I changed my mind. I am summoner Kelvin, want to make contract with you.”

黒霊騎士が一瞬固まる。
The black soul knight hardens for an instant. (TLN: stiffen?)

「……貴様が我と契約、従わせるというのか」
“…you bastard want me to have contract with and follow you?”
「そうだ」
“It is so. ”
「ク……」
“Ku…”

あ、やべ。黒霊騎士が体を小刻みに震わせている。怒らせてしまったか？
Ah, yabe. The black soul knight shakes a body little by little. Have I angered him?

「ク、ククク……　ガァーハッハッハッハ！！」
“Ku, Kukuku……　 Gaa;-hahhahhahha.!”

突然、黒霊騎士はそれまでのイメージと一変して、これまで溜めん込んでいたものを全て吐き出すかのように笑い出した。当然、内心俺はポカンとしている。
Suddenly, The black soul knight changed completely with a previous image and burst into laughter as if I discharged all the crowded things not to save until now. Naturally I am dumbfounded in my mind.

「止めだ止めた、こんな堅苦しい話し方。それにしても小僧、これだけワシが殺気を向けていたというのに、平気な面をしよってからに！ 更には契約しろだと、面白すぎるぞ貴様！」
“Stop, stop it, such a formal speech. However boy/youngster, even though too much bloodlust was directed to you, you remained calm! You want to form a contract, you’re really interesting.”

ビシっと指を差すな指を。誇り高い騎士のイメージは最早吹き飛んでしまった。
In a finger snap. The proud knight’s image vanished.

How did this happen? Now I’m sitting in front of the Black Soul Knight, having a friendly conversation. Even though I’m saying friendly chat, the Black Soul Knight is the only one talking.

 

“ As a matter of fact my ego as a monster was born just recently. well what, I originally used to serve the country as a Chief knight , In short I used to be a human. why is that i became a monster ? well , I wonder why , I do not understand it as well but maybe because of the lingering regrets in this world! what kind of regret i do not know as well! Anyhow from that moment i was protecting this castle. Nevertheless , That slime is unusual , what kind of race is that from ? no no , If it’s a secret there is no need to force yourself to speak . Everyone has one or two secrets , By the way want to eat candy? ”

{TLN :- I wanna beat this author now =.=”}

 

In such mood conversation continued. Completely like a pleasant uncle in the neighbourhood. Oi, When is this candy from, it’s melting and swollen!

 

“ Please do not eat while saying so ”

“ Ehh… Are you really going to eat that? even i back down ”

“ yosh , I will leave some for you ”

{TLN :- These lines are hard to TL and distinguish T_T}

 

I am somewhat tired……The only serious one was kroto , While remaining vigilant of black soul knight , waiting across me

 

“ That slime is eating the candy like it is nothing. What a great fellow.”

 

“ Just as i was thinking that it was absorbing the candy from while ago. Kroto , you too?

 

“ Master, talk about contract, talk about contract ”

 

“ Ah, yes it was. So, Will you contract with me?”

 

I ask black soul knight over again, who was watching kroto sullenly.

 

“ Oh , yes such was the talk about. Recently there were numerous who would attack me immediately as the saw me . Boy you were the first one willing to comply for conversation . My tension will very well rise and conversation would also stray.”

{TLN:- it’s actually not stray it’s bouncing or springing but tell me if you prefer original rather than stray}

“ The only one straying is you….. ”

“ It’s not you. It’s Gerard ”

“ Even I’m not a boy but Kelvin. The naming…… No, which ever it maybe it’s a talk, after we make a contract ”

 

Gerard Unexpecdetly got up and turned towards the throne behind



 

“ Contract? The King whom I served, and the country too, are not anymore in this age. As for serving a new master, I am not reluctant but….. ”

 

“In the story, this castle was continuously being protected . Why?”

 

The Cheerful atmosphere some time ago in a beat transformed, The place felt like it became gloomy .

 

“ The name of the perished country that i served is [Arukaru] .Though it was not big, farming made the country prosperous. The king too disliked disputes, Even if there was a war in a distant place we would always try to through by being neutral .”

 

This world has two continents the east and the west, the town of Perth that we made as our base is located at the center of the continent in the east. The castle of the evil spirit is in it’s vicinity.

 

“ As for my position , I acted as the chief of the knight order of the countryside. Even if it was a peaceful country, monsters naturally appeared. Subduing them was naturally my primary duty. we were trained to be by no means inferior to other knight orders. By any chance, In a situation where war occurred we would always be prepared.”

 

Gerard tightly clenched the black sword.

 

“At a certain day. A traveler from the west continent visited [Arukaru]. However, his true identity was a general of the empire. The name was [Jirudora]. The man who dispersed disease of death in [Arukaru].”



“ Disease of death? ”

“ The details are unknown but , Once caught your life force will gradually be lost , A terrifying Arbitrary disease that led to death in single night . The disease spread in [Arukaru] like an epidemic, the country was isolated by other countries in a few days. After several days have passed since Jirudora visited [Arukaru] at one late night , there was a person that happened to see him in the town. Probably ,That was that time he did something. ”

 

“ Wait wait, with just that why are you certain that jirudora was the one that did it? In the first place , How did they knew ? He was the general of the empire.”

 

“On the day before the disease spread, Jirudora visited this castle. From where he entered is not known . The fellow showed up suddenly in front of the king. And said this . Cooperate to overthrow the Divine Empire [Deramisu] , otherwise [Arukaru] will not have any future…..too ”

 

“ Divine Empire [Deramisu]. If I’m not mistaken it is the country where Merufina reincarnated the Hero. ”

 

“ Naturally, the king refuses…… Following rest was what i spoke earlier ”

 

Though I could not see the face across armor but , The Anger that gerard was transmitting was unbearable to say .

 

“ This is about the regret that I left in this world , to say that I don’t know is a lie. My regret is to avenge this country , If  I can clear myself from these regrets, I will become your subordinate with pleasure. ”

 

Is that your condition of approving me ? No, Wait a minute….

 

“ Wait, Gerard had died decades ago, right? As we look the state of the castle it is at least 100 years old level. Then that fellow Jirudora of the empire should not he have died of old age already ? ”

“ The fellow is an elf. The life of the elf exceeds 500 years. That bastard is not someone who would just die in only 100 years. ”

“ Elf ? Though I have not met one yet, Then that is your condition right ?.”

“ I hear that the summoning art strengthens subordinates. It is an ideal opportunity for revenge. However, I want you to show your ability.”

“ Well , it finally comes down to that.”

 

At last it typically comes down to fight and showcase your abilities .Very well, I Originally came here with that intention.

 

“ If you cannot even win against me , By no means you can oppose the empire. Without any ability, you will only be cut down by me……!”

 

Me and Gerard both mutually step backwards .

 

“ Good, I accept . Give me your all, otherwise there is no meaning! ”
Black Summoner – Chapter 15[draft]
第１５話　烈火
15 – Raging Fire

後方に引き、すぐさまクロトに意思疎通で指示を出す。
I pull backward,  and immediately gave instructions to Clotho.

「騎士なら後ろに下がるより、前に出たほうが良かったじゃないか？」
「ふん、あの位置からの戦闘ではお主が不利であろう？」
「そりゃ、どうも！」
“Rather than to fall behind the knight, better to go in front is better?”
“Fun, will master be in disadvantage in that position?”
“That is, thank you!”

風刃ウィンドの散弾型魔法である烈風刃ショットウィンドを牽制として放つ。点ではなく、面での攻撃魔法、威力はともかく回避は難しい。
I used wind blade shot a wind-type magic as feint attack. No point, on surface is attack magic, evasion is difficult aside from the power.
(TLN: close but still wrong, need translation checker here)

分裂し、数十の風の刃となった烈風刃ショットウィンドがジェラールに迫るが、ジェラールは大剣を横薙ぎに払い、風を弾け飛ばす。軌道を反らされた風は天井・壁・地面と至る所を切り裂く。
It split, the violent wind blade shot wind that became the blade of dozens of wind approaches Gerard, Gerard swing the sword to brush it off, to pop off the wind. The winds that was bent cuts ceiling, wall, ground,  and everywhere.

クロトはその隙を付き、ジェラールの斜め後方から４本の鞭を叩きつける。ラジが手も足も出せず、更にはケルヴィンの風脚ソニックブーツによる敏捷ブーストまでも付いた攻撃だ。
Clotho took that gap, Gerard tilted backwards because of merely 4 whip-attacks thrown.

「ぬん！」
「なにっ！？」
“Comin!”
“What!?”

俺は驚愕する。ジェラールはその鋭敏な攻撃の２本を受けきり、残りを左手で掴み、右足で踏み潰したのだ。クロトの筋力ではジェラールに対抗できず、拘束されてしまう。
I was amazed. Gerard is caught those 2 sharp attacks, the remaining caught by his left hand, then crushed by his right foot. Clotho’s strength can’t oppose Gerard.

こいつ、後ろにも目があるのか！？
This guy, does he have eyes behind too!?

『ジェラールは心眼のスキルを所持します。瞬間的な状況判断に補正がかかっているとお考えください』
“Gerard possesses the skill of the mind’s eye. Please think that a momentary situation assessment is corrected.”

生半可な攻撃では無意味か。厄介だな。しかし、このままではクロトが危険だ。クロト、奴との間に絶崖城壁アースランパートを出すぞ！
So half-ass attacks are meaningless? This is troublesome/What a pain in the ass. However, Clotho is in danger. I created a cliff castle wall Earth Rampart between Clotho and this guy.

意思疎通した直後に、クロトの目の前に絶崖城壁アースランパートを出現させる。拘束されたクロトの鞭は壁に分断されてしまうが、クロト本体のコアが無事であれば問題ない。そして―――
Immediately after communicating, a cliff castle wall Earth Rampart appeared before Clotho. The restricting whip of Clotho was divided by the wall, it is fine if the core of the main body of Clotho is safe. And—

よし、やれ！
Good, do it!

ジェラールの左手と右足に残ったクロトの体が再び動き出し、纏わり付く。一瞬、赤い光がジェラール
を包み込み、爆発した。ラジを倒したことでレベルアップしたクロトが取得したスキル『分裂』。体の一部を切り離し、己の分身として操作することができるのだ。切り離したクロトの分身は、保管に貯蔵していた魔力の一部をエネルギーに爆発を引き起こす。要は自爆だ。
The  remaining body parts of Clotho in Gerard’s left hand and right foot starts to move again, and wrapped around. In an instant, a red light wraps Gerard, and exploded. The skill acquired after the extraordinary level up of Clotho by defeating Raji is [Division]. The small parts of the body that got separated, it is possible to operate it as an one’s double by yourself. The detached double of Clotho, has stored a small portion of magical power that caused the explosion. In short, self-destruction.
(TLN: took me lot of time to translate this…)

「……そのスライム、随分と多芸じゃな。掴んでいた際も随時ワシの魔力を吸い取っておった。そしてこの自爆、近づき難いのう」
“….that slime, surprising and versatile isn’t it? When I was also grabbed, my magical energy was sucked occasionally. And now this self-destruct, it is unapproachable.”
(TLN: then he’s still alive?)

ジェラールは悪態をつくが、その素顔の見えない表情はどこか嬉しそうに見える。漆黒の篭手はクロトの爆発の威力で少々歪になったが、まだ剣を振るには影響はない程度だ。
Though Gerard curses, that honest facial expression looks delighted. Though the jet black gauntlet was distorted a little from the power of Clotho’s explotion, it’s still a degree is not affected in shake the sword.
(TLN: my hardships(to translate that) is useless)

「どれ、面白いもんを見せてくれた礼だ。ワシも剣技を披露するとしよう」



“Which, interesting that requires to show a bow of gratitude. I also have to demonstrate my sword skills.”
(TLN: uh-oh!)
大剣を上段に構えたジェラールは俺に向って振り下ろす。
The large sword from overhead position of Gerard who took a stance was swing down towards me.

おいおい、あの身の丈程もある大剣の剣筋が見えなかったぞ……！
Oi oi, that body-length as well as large sword’s sword-talent can be seen….!
(TLN: sure this is wrong but maybe it is quite closer, need help!)

『全力で横にお跳びください！』
“Please jump sideways with all your power!”

これまでに無いほど焦ったメルフィーナの声を聞き、俺は即座に横に跳躍する。跳んだ直後、ズドンッ、と鋭い音が鳴り響いた。
The voice of Melfina that non-existent until now was heard in a hurry, I jumped sideways immediately. Soon after jumping, ZUDON(sfx), and a sharp sound reverberated.

「マジかよ……！」
“Are you SERIOUS?……!”

それまで俺が立っていた場所が真っ二つに斬られたのだ。ジェラールの奴、斬撃を飛ばしてきやがった！
The place I was standing before was cut in two. This Gerard guy, hurling attack!
(TLN: need help here too)

「―――！！！ 初見で空顎アギトを避けるとはな、楽しませてくれる！」
「不可視でこの速さか、悪い冗談だ」
“Avoiding Agito at point blank at first sight, I was delighted.”
“Is this invisibility is because of the speed?”

メルフィーナの咄嗟の助言で助かったが、あのまま動かなければ俺もあの地面と同じようになっていただろう。すまない、メルフィーナ。
Melfina’s sudden suggestion saved me, I would end up just like that ground if it didn’t worked. Sorry, Melfina.



ジェラールが次の手を打つ前に、地表亀裂クレフトカズムを唱える。床がジェラールの足元を中心に亀裂が走り、次の瞬間大地が裂け、崩れていく。流石のジェラールも、大地が変動すれば体勢を崩す。されど、その兜の隙間から覗かせる鋭い眼光はケルヴィンを捉えている。
Before Gerard takes his next step, the ground surface crack “kurefutokazumu”(TLN: WTF is this?) was chanted. The floor under Gerard’s feet have cracks run, in the next moment the ground should burst open, go collapse. Even Gerard also, the change in the ground destroyed his stance. However, that crack in the helmet showed a sharp gaze that caught Kelvin.

体勢を崩しながらも、ジェラールは見えない斬撃を再び放つ。ケルヴィンではなく、壁の奥にいるであろうクロトに向けて。
Though the stance was destroyed, Gerard looks like did do an slashing attack again. Rather than Kelvin, it is aiming at Clotho who is inside the wall.

チッ、あの不安定な足場でも御構い無しかよ。
Tch, that unstable foothold was disregarded too.

絶崖城壁アースランパートをもろともせず、斬撃は壁を通過し、奥の壁まで達した。
The cliff wall earth rampart became brittle, a slashing attack passed through the wall, the interior of the wall was reached.

「ぬっ、スライムの姿がないだと！？」
“Nuh, the figure of the slime can’t be seen here!?”

その言葉を発すると同時に、崩れた地表から突如剣が現れ、ジェラールの腹部目掛けて刺突が放たれる。その剣はカシェルの愛剣であったミスリルソードであった。スライムの軟体で裂けた地面を突き進んだクロトが保管から取り出し放ったのだ。
At the same time as the words were uttered, a sword appeared suddenly from the collapsed ground surface, Gerard’s abdomen was hit by a thrust. That sword was used to be Cashel’s beloved mythril sword. The charging Clotho burst out from the ground who took it out and hit.

「ぐ……」
“Guh…..”

心眼持ちのジェラールも、視覚外かつ予想外であるこの攻撃には対応できずに負傷してしまう。更に、クロトは体の密度を集中させ硬質化した３本の槍の腕を撃ち放つ。
Even Gerard possess the mind’s eye, cannot react to the unexpected attack that wounded him. Furthermore, Clotho’s body density was concentrated to harden on the 3 arms that were shot.

ジェラールはこれを剣で応戦、神速の如き剣速で全てを打ち払われ、攻撃した筈のクロトが逆にダメージを負ってしまう。
Gerard fought back with his sword, with great speed of his sword rapidly repel, the owed damage to Clotho were paid back.

本当に凄いな。
Really amazing.

ケルヴィンは率直にそう思う。裏をかき、奇襲し、隙を突く。そのどれもが対応されている。
Kelvin think frankly so. To outwit, it made a surprise attack,  then pierced the gap. It can deal with anything.

だが―――
However—-

「これで詰みだ！」
“This is checkmate!”

無理な体勢で迎撃を行ったジェラールは今、完全に無防備な状態。残りの魔力全てを込め、重風圧エアプレッシャーを発動させる。
Gerard who intercepted it by an impossible body pose is now, is completely defenseless. All the remaining magic power were gathered, the heavy wind pressure was invoked.

「―――！？」
“….!?” (TLN: this part took me a while to translate :v)

垂直に落とされる空気の重圧により、ジェラールの体には何十倍もの負荷がかけられ、思うように動くことができない。ましてや、腹にミスリルソードが刺さったままの状態だ。クロトの追撃をいなしただけでも賞賛に値するだろう。
The pressure of the air dropped vertically, the load on Gerard’s body was multiplied by dozens of times, it is not possible to move as expected. Much more, it is a situation that a mithril sword was stuck in his belly. Though he deserves praise from parrying/dodging Clotho’s pursuit.

クロト、保管に回した全魔力でぶっ放せ！
Clotho, fire all the magic power you have in your storage.

クロトは地面の中で体を変化させる。その形姿はさながら口を大きく開いたドラゴンのよう。そして、クロトの持つ最大の技を放出する。
Clotho’s body change in the ground. The figure is like the dragon which, as it were, greatly opened the mouth. Thus, the biggest skill that Clotho is holding was released.

―――超魔縮光束モータリティビーム。
—Super magic shrinking beam mortality beam.
(TLN: reeks of chuni. made me cringe while translating this)

開口部から放たれたそれは、ジェラールを貫き、古城を破壊し、空の彼方へと消えていった。
It is fired-off from the opening, goes through Gerard, the old castle was destroyed, disappeared beyond the void.